{
    "/docs/": {
        "title": "BirbAI Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbAI Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview Welcome to the  BirbAI Admin Panel . The Dashboard acts as your central command center, giving you an immediate, high-level view of your platform's performance, user activity, and system health. Upon logging in, you are greeted with real-time statistics, recent notifications, and a snapshot of the latest user registrations. Key Performance Metrics The top section of the dashboard features a grid of cards designed to track consumption and business growth.  Content Generation Stats These cards track the AI resources your users are consuming. Each card displays the  Total All-Time  usage in large text and the  Monthly  usage in smaller text below it. Business Health Stats These cards focus on the operational side of BirbAI. Projects:  The number of active workspaces or projects created by your users. Users:  Total registered accounts on the platform. Payments:  The number of individual transactions processed this month. Earned:  Total revenue generated (displayed in USD). Admin Notifications Located directly below the metrics, the  Admin Notifications  feed provides a chronological log of critical system events. New User Alerts:  Instantly see when a new user signs up, including their username and email address. Timestamps:  Each notification includes a relative timestamp (e.g., \"7 days ago\") to help you track the velocity of recent signups. Tip:  This feed is read-only. To manage specific users mentioned here, navigate to the  Users  tab in the sidebar. Latest Users & Live Activity The bottom section,  Latest Users , offers a tabular view of the most recent registrations. This allows for quick moderation and status checks without leaving the dashboard. Online Status:  A green badge (e.g.,  1 online users ) in the top right indicates how many users are currently active on the platform. User Details:  Displays the avatar, username, and email address. Status:  Indicates if the account is verified. Unconfirmed : The user has registered but hasn't verified their email. Active : The user is fully verified. Plan:  Shows the current subscription tier (e.g.,  Bronze ,  Free ,  Gold ). Details & Actions:  The icons on the far right allow you to quickly edit the user, view their history, or adjust their permissions. Sidebar Navigation Reference The sidebar is your primary navigation tool within the BirbAI Admin Panel. It is organized into four main functional areas:  Platform Management ,  Financials ,  AI Content Management , and  System Logs . Platform Management These tools control the core infrastructure, user access, and global settings of your application. Admin Dashboard:  The home view containing high-level metrics and recent activity. Users:  Manage registered accounts, roles, and ban/verify status. Settings:  Configure global variables, SMTP (email), payment methods, and site settings. Plans:  Define subscription tiers (e.g., Free, Bronze, Gold), set pricing, and allocate resource limits. Languages:  Manage localization settings and available languages for the UI. Broadcasts:  Create and send system-wide announcements or alerts to all users. Users Notifications:  Configure automated system alerts sent to users (e.g., \"New User\" emails or quota warnings). Plugins:  Manage and activate external integrations or add-ons. Statistics:  View detailed analytics regarding platform usage and growth trends over time. Resources & Blog:  Manage external links, help docs, and blog posts displayed on the frontend. API Docs:  Access documentation for the BirbAI API endpoints. Financials Manage the monetization and billing aspects of your platform. Codes:  Create promotional discount codes or vouchers for marketing campaigns. Taxes:  Configure tax rates per region or country for billing compliance. Payments:  A complete ledger of all transactions, invoices, and payment statuses. AI Content Management This section allows you to moderate, view, and manage the actual content generated by the AI models. Templates & Text AI Templates Categories:  Organize your prompt templates into groups (e.g., \"Social Media,\" \"Developers\"). You can also create new categories. AI Templates:  Create and edit the specific prompt presets available to your users. AI Documents:  View text content generated by users via templates. AI Assistants:  Configure the personas and system prompts for AI chat assistants. AI Chats:  Review conversation logs between users and AI assistants. Audio & Voice AI Transcriptions:  View logs for speech-to-text tasks. AI Syntheses:  Logs for text-to-speech (voice generation) tasks. Image Generation & Editing AI Images:  A gallery view of standard images generated by users. AI Upscaled Images:  History of low-res images processed through the upscaler. AI Removed Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background removal tool. AI Replaced Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background replacement tool. Activity & Logs Tools for auditing user behavior and project organization. Projects:  View user-created workspaces or folders used to organize content. Users Logs:  A detailed audit trail of user actions (login times, IP addresses, and critical account changes) for security monitoring. Settings - Main The  Settings > Main  tab is where you establish the global identity and default behaviors of your BirbAI installation. These configurations affect the entire platform and are the first things users see when interacting with your site. Branding & Identity Customize the visual elements to match your brand. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g., \"BirbAI\"). This appears in browser tabs and search engine results. Logos:  Upload specific assets for different UI contexts. Light/Dark Theme Logos:  Ensure you upload versions optimized for both white and dark backgrounds for better contrast. Email Logo:  The logo used in automated transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets). File Specs:  Supported formats include  .jpg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .webp , and  .avif . Max file size:  16 MB . Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the URL. Opengraph Image:  The preview image displayed when your website link is shared on social media (Facebook, Twitter/X, LinkedIn). Note:  If you need to remove an existing asset, check the  \"Delete uploaded file\"  box below the specific image and save your settings. System Defaults Set the baseline experience for new users and visitors. Default Timezone:  Sets the initial timezone for new user registrations (currently  UTC ). Users can customize this later in their personal profiles. Default Theme Style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode for first-time visitors. Default Language:  The primary language of the interface. Default Results per Page:  Controls pagination limits for lists and tables across the site. App-wide Settings The  App-wide Settings  section controls the foundational behavior, navigation logic, and global feature availability of your BirbAI installation. These toggles allow you to enable or disable core system functionalities without needing to touch code. Enable spotlight system for admins  Enables the global command palette for administrators. When active, admins can press  CMD + K  (Mac) or  CTRL + K  (Windows) to open a search modal and quickly navigate to different pages. Enable spotlight system for users  Enables the global command palette for regular users. This allows them to quickly search for features or navigate their account using  CMD/CTRL + K . Enable white labeling system  Unlocks the ability for specific users (usually on high-tier plans) to customize the account branding. This allows them to replace the default logo, footer, and page titles with their own brand identity. Enable theme style selector  Adds a toggle button in the website footer, allowing users to manually switch between Light and Dark visual themes. Enable automatic language detection  When a visitor arrives, the system will detect their browser's preferred language. If that language is supported by your site, they will be automatically redirected to the localized version. Enable users API system  Allows users to generate and manage their own API keys. Enable this if you want to let developers build third-party applications or integrations using your platform. Track email views & clicks for Broadcasts  Adds tracking pixels to system emails to measure open rates and link clicks. Note:  Enabling this increases the load on your server and requires more database storage. Enable breadcrumbs  Displays a navigation trail at the top of pages (e.g.,  Home > Dashboard > Settings ). This helps users understand where they are within the application structure. Display pagination regardless of page count Enabled:  The pagination controls are always visible, even if there is only one page of results. Disabled:  Pagination controls are hidden unless there are at least two pages of content. Allow search engines indexing  Controls whether public pages of your site are visible to search engines like Google or Bing. On:  Your  robots.txt  file will allow indexing. Off:  Search engines will be instructed to ignore your site (useful for private or development environments). Allow AI scraping  Controls whether AI data bots (like OpenAI, Google Gemini, or Bing) are allowed to scrape your public content for model training. Force HTTPS  Forces all site traffic to use the secure  https://  protocol. Warning:  Only enable this  after  you have confirmed that the  SITE_URL  value in your  config.php  file starts with  https:// . Enabling this prematurely can lock you out of the site. Iframe embedding allowed domains  Controls security settings for embedding your site elsewhere. all : Allows your site to be embedded in an iframe on any domain. none : Completely disables iframe embedding (recommended for security). Specific URLs : Enter comma-separated domains to allow embedding only on trusted sites. Title separator  Defines the symbol used in the browser tab title to separate the page name from the website name (e.g., enter  -  for titles like \"Dashboard - BirbAI\"). Index Settings This page allows you to customize the content blocks displayed on your default landing page and optionally redirect the root domain to a completely custom external site. Content Toggles Use the toggles below to control which informational blocks are visible to visitors on the index (home) page. Display plans on the index page On:  Shows the pricing table and plan features section on the landing page. Off:  Hides the pricing details from the homepage. Display testimonials on the index page On:  Displays a section featuring user reviews and social proof. Off:  Hides the testimonials block. Display FAQ on the index page On:  Shows the Frequently Asked Questions section. Off:  Hides the FAQ block. Display latest blog posts on the index page On:  Displays a widget showing a preview of recent articles from your Blog. Off:  Hides the blog preview widget. Custom Index Page Configuration Custom index page URL  This field allows you to completely bypass the default BirbAI landing page and redirect all root traffic to an external URL (e.g., a page hosted on WordPress or a separate marketing site). To Enable:  Enter the full URL of the custom landing page (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ). This will disable the original landing page and redirect all incoming requests. To Disable:  Leave the field empty. The system will then revert to displaying the original BirbAI landing page and the content blocks enabled above. Maintenance Settings Use these settings to enable the application-wide  Maintenance Mode  and customize the message presented to users while the site is down for updates, bug fixes, or new feature rollouts. Maintenance Mode Activation Enable maintenance mode Function:  This is the master switch for taking the site offline. Behavior:  When enabled, all users (non-Admins) attempting to access any page will be redirected to the custom maintenance screen. Exceptions:  Access is preserved for essential administrative and recovery functions: the  Login  page,  Lost Password  page, and  Reset Password  pages remain accessible. Admins can log in and view the site normally. Maintenance Page Customization Customize the content and action link displayed on the maintenance screen. Maintenance title  The main heading displayed prominently on the maintenance page (e.g.,  BirbAI ). Maintenance description  The body text that informs your users about the reason for the downtime (e.g., \"BirbAI is currently undergoing maintenance. We are updating the software and integrating the latest APIs.\"). Action button text  The text displayed on the call-to-action button (e.g.,  Visit Birb.com ). Action button URL  The destination link for the action button. This is typically used to direct users to a status page, a marketing site, or a social media channel for updates (e.g.,  https://birb.com ). Other Settings This section manages miscellaneous core system variables, including legal obligations, system performance caching, and the configuration for administrative AI services. Other Settings Reference Custom 404 page URL Function:  Disables the default \"Page Not Found\" error page. Usage:  Enter a full URL (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ) to redirect users hitting a broken link to a custom error page. Leave the field empty to revert to the system's default 404 page. Terms and Conditions URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Terms and Conditions. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Privacy Policy URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Privacy Policy. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Preview chart cache Sets the duration (in  hours ) for which analytical chart data is cached. Lowering this value provides more real-time data but increases server load. Preview chart time frame Defines the maximum time period (in  days ) that the dashboard and statistics charts cover. Data older than this limit will not be included in the default chart visualization. Account avatar size limit Sets the maximum file size (in  MB ) allowed for user avatar uploads. Note:  This limit cannot be set higher than the maximum upload size configured on your actual server. OpenAI API key Enter a valid OpenAI API key here. Usage:  This key is specifically used for the  automatic translation  functionality found within the admin panel language packs and system assets. OpenAI model Select the specific OpenAI model to be used for the internal admin translation feature (e.g.,  gpt-5 ). Settings - Users This section manages all user-related system settings, including  new user registration ,  login and social login behavior ,  email confirmation ,  cookie timeframes , and provides access to  Cleanup  and  Anti spam measures  sub-sections. Enable new users registration Function:  Controls user access to the platform. Behavior:  Allows people to register on your platform. Disabling this toggle completely removes the registration page, making the platform invite-only or admin-only. Exclusive login/registration with Social logins Function:  Restricts the available login methods. Behavior:  When enabled, users can only register or log in using third-party social providers (e.g., Google, Facebook). Standard email/password registration is disabled. Social logins require password Function:  Enhances account security for social sign-ups. Behavior:  When enabled, users who first register via a social login will be required to set an account password. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on registration page Function:  Adds a marketing opt-in during account creation. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox on the primary registration page. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on account settings page Function:  Provides a persistent opt-in/opt-out option. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox within the user's personal account settings page. Auto-check \"Remember me\" on login page Function:  Controls the default state of the login session persistence checkbox. Behavior:  When enabled, the \"Remember me\" checkbox on the login page will be checked by default. \"Remember me\" cookie time frame Function:  Sets the duration for session persistence. Behavior:  Defines how long (in  days ) the user's login session remains active when the \"Remember me\" box is checked.  Default is 90 days. Enable usage of email aliases Function:  Allows for flexible email management. Behavior:  Permits people to register or use email aliases (e.g.,  hello+admin@example.com  or  user+alias@email.com ). Email confirmation Function:  Controls account security and verification upon sign-up. Behavior:  When enabled, an email confirmation link is sent when a user registers or changes their email address. The account remains unconfirmed until the link is clicked. Welcome email Function:  Controls introductory communication. Behavior:  Sends out a welcome email automatically when a new user successfully completes registration. Cleanup Settings This page manages automated maintenance routines and user deletion policies based on inactivity and confirmation status, helping you keep your user database lean and secure. Auto delete unconfirmed users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that failed to confirm their email address. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  an unconfirmed account will exist before being automatically deleted. Note:  Since these users are unconfirmed, no deletion reminders will be sent to them. Set the value to  0  to permanently disable this feature. Auto delete inactive users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that have been inactive for a specified period. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  a user can be inactive before their account is deleted. Restriction:  This feature is  only valid for Free users . Paid subscribers are not subject to auto-deletion for inactivity. Set the value to  0  to disable this feature. User deletion reminder Function:  Sends a warning email to users scheduled for deletion due to inactivity. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the deletion date that the user should receive the reminder email. Note:  Set the value to  0  to disable this reminder system. Anti spam measures This page allows administrators to configure various security and throttling mechanisms to prevent automated bot activity,fraudulent signups, and brute-force attacks. Blacklisted domains Function:  Prevents registration and login attempts from specific email domains. Usage:  Enter domain names (e.g.,  spamdomain.com, tempmail.co ) separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their email address is associated with any domain in this list. Blacklisted IPs Function:  Blocks access based on the user's IP address. Usage:  Enter IP addresses separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their IP address is included in this list. Select blacklisted countries Function:  Restricts access based on geographical location. Usage:  Select countries from the list that you wish to block. Users will be unable to register or log in from any of the selected countries. Detection is based on the user's IP address. Login lockout is enabled Function:  Activates brute-force protection for the login page. Behavior:  When enabled, login attempts are throttled after repeated failures. Max login retries Function:  Defines the number of failed login attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Password reset lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for the password reset functionality. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can attempt to reset their password within a given timeframe. Max reset retries Function:  Defines the number of failed password reset attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max reset retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Resend activation lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for resending account activation emails. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can request a new activation email. Max resend retries Function:  Defines the number of resend requests allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max resend retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Register lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection to prevent spam registrations. Behavior:  Limits the number of registrations allowed from a single IP address or network within a set period. Max registrations Function:  Defines the maximum number of successful registrations allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 registrations. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP is blocked from registering after reaching the max registrations limit. Unit:  Days. Settings - Content This section controls the configuration and visibility of the platform's native blog system. Enable blog system Function:  The master switch for the blogging feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the blog area becomes accessible on the frontend and the Blog section appears in the Admin Sidebar. Enable blog share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to individual blog posts. Behavior:  Allows users to easily share articles on various social media platforms. Enable blog search widget Function:  Adds a dedicated search bar widget to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Allows visitors to search for specific content within the blog. Enable blog categories widget Function:  Adds a navigation widget listing post categories to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Helps users filter posts by topic. Enable blog popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget listing the most-viewed articles. Behavior:  Promotes high-engagement content on the blog sidebar. Enable blog views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of post view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each article is shown publicly. Enable blog ratings system Function:  Activates user feedback mechanisms. Behavior:  Allows logged-in users to rate or like blog posts. Blog system columns Function:  Defines the layout structure of the blog post listing page. Usage:  Select the number of columns (e.g., 1, 2, 3) to arrange blog post previews. Resources This section controls the configuration and visibility of the Resources or static Pages system (often used for Help/About pages). Enable resources (pages) system Function:  The master switch for the static Pages feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the Resources section becomes functional and manageable via the Admin Sidebar. Enable pages share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to static resources/pages. Behavior:  Allows visitors to share help articles or static pages on social media. Enable pages popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget to the resources sidebar listing the most frequently viewed pages. Behavior:  Promotes high-traffic resources. Enable pages views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of page view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each static page is shown publicly. Settings - AIX This page is the central configuration hub for integrating all third-party Artificial Intelligence (AI) services used for content generation across the platform. OpenAI This section configures the services provided by OpenAI, primarily used for text, chat, image, and transcription generation. OpenAI API Key Function:  Provides the authorization key for all OpenAI services. Usage:  Enter your API key(s) here. You can insert multiple OpenAI API keys per line, and the system will randomly choose one to use for each request, distributing the load. ClipDrop This is a toggle that appears to enable the presence of the ClipDrop configuration fields below. ClipDrop API Key Function:  Provides the authorization key for all ClipDrop image editing services. Usage:  Enter your API key(s) here. You can insert multiple ClipDrop API keys per line, and the system will randomly choose one to use for each request. AWS Polly This section configures Amazon Web Services (AWS) Polly for text-to-speech synthesis (AI Syntheses). AWS - Access key Function:  The public access key identifier for your AWS account. AWS - Secret access key Function:  The private, secret key required for authenticating with AWS services. AWS - Region Function:  Specifies the AWS geographical region where the Polly service will be accessed from (e.g.,  us-east-1 ). US Input NSFW moderation Function:  Activates content validation for all user text input before processing. Behavior:  User input is first validated with OpenAI servers to check for explicit, violent, hate, and self-harm content.  It is highly recommended to enable this  to ensure content generated on your platform is safe and compliant. AI Documents This section configures AI-driven document creation features. Available languages Function:  Controls which languages are permitted for AI document generation. Usage:  Enter the full names of the languages you wish to allow, separated by commas (e.g.,  English, Chinese, Hindi, Spanish ). AI Images This section configures AI-driven image generation features. Display image generator AI images on the homepage Function:  Controls the visibility of an AI image gallery on the public-facing homepage. Behavior:  Enables or disables the display of generated images to visitors. Available artists Function:  Defines the list of artistic styles and names available for users to select when generating an image. (e.g.,  Van Gogh, Leonardo da Vinci, Pablo Picasso ). Usage:  Enter the names of the artists/styles separated by commas. Leave the field empty to disable this feature entirely. Enable the AI Image upscaler system Function:  Master toggle for the dedicated image upscaling feature. Enable the AI Image Background Remover system Function:  Master toggle for the dedicated image background removal feature. Enable the AI Image Background Replacer system Function:  Master toggle for the dedicated image background replacement feature. AI Transcriptions This section configures AI speech-to-text features. Enable the AI Speech to Text system Function:  Master toggle for the transcription feature. Behavior:  Enables the upload and processing of audio files into text. AI Chats This section configures AI chatbot features. Enable me AI Chatting system Function:  Master toggle for the user-facing AI Chat feature. Demo Assistant name (shown on the landing page) Function:  Sets the display name for the chat assistant shown in the demo area of the landing page (e.g.,  BirbAI Bot ). Demo assistant avatar (shown in the landing page) Function:  Allows uploading a custom image for the demo chat assistant's profile picture. Delete uploaded file Function:  Checkbox to remove the currently uploaded demo assistant avatar. Custom file size limit Function:  Sets the maximum size (in  MB ) allowed for file uploads within the chat feature. AI Syntheses This is a label that appears to indicate the presence of AI text-to-speech configuration (often using AWS Polly, configured earlier). Projects This section configures the user workspace feature. Enable the Projects system Function:  Master toggle for the user organization feature. Behavior:  When enabled, users are given the ability to create, sort, and tag their generated resources (documents, images, etc.) into separate projects for better organization. Settings - Payment This page provides comprehensive configuration for all aspects of monetization, billing, currency display, and payment processor integration. Enable payments system Function:  The master switch for all monetization features. Behavior:  Disabling this will remove all options for users to upgrade their accounts or see any payment-related information. Enabled payment types Function:  Selects the types of plans you offer. Usage:  Choose between offering  One time  payments,  Recurring  payments, or  Both . Default payment type Function:  Sets the initial default payment structure for the application. Usage:  (e.g.,  One time ). Default payment frequency Function:  Sets the default billing cycle for subscriptions. Usage:  (e.g.,  Monthly ,  Annually ). Currency code Function:  Defines the three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for payments. Example:   USD - United States Dollar . Currency symbol Function:  Defines the visual symbol to be used next to the price (e.g.,  $ ,  € ,  £ ). Display currency as Function:  Selects how the currency should be rendered on the pricing and plan pages (e.g., using the symbol or the full code). Currency placement Function:  Defines the position of the currency symbol relative to the price. Usage:  Choose between  Left of price  ( $10 ) or  Right of price  ( 10$ ). Default processor Function:  Specifies the payment gateway used by default for transactions. Warning:  Ensure this payment processor has the selected currency code enabled in its own settings. [Delete] Function:  Button to delete the current payment processor configuration. [Create] Function:  Button to initiate the setup of a new payment processor configuration. Default currency Function:  Sets the primary currency code for all payments processed on the platform. Warning:  Once you start receiving payments,  do not change this value , as it can corrupt payment records. Enable discount & reclamation codes Function:  Master toggle for promotional offers. Behavior:  Enables the account to validate and apply discount codes created in the admin panel before checkout. Enable taxes & billing system Function:  Activates required billing information collection and tax calculation. Behavior:  This requires users to fill in their billing details before checkout and enables the system to calculate appropriate taxes for each planned payment. Enable invoices system Function:  Controls user access to historical payment records. Behavior:  Users will be able to see or download PDF invoices for their payments or not. Trial system requires card Function:  Modifies the free trial enrollment process. Behavior:  This setting only works with payment processors supporting trial subscriptions (e.g., Stripe). When enabled, a user must provide a credit card to start a trial; otherwise, the standard \"trial without card\" system is used. User plan expiry reminder Function:  Configures the reminder system for upcoming plan expirations. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the expiry date that the user should receive a notification email. Set  0  to disable the reminder. User plan expiry checker & notifier Function:  Master switch for automated plan renewal and expiry emails. Behavior:  Enables sending emails to users whose plans are about to expire or have stopped paying via the Cron job. If disabled, the expired plan will instead be reset only when the user logs into their account. Currency exchange API key Function:  Required key for platforms using multiple currencies. Usage:  This key is only needed in case you integrate and use multiple currency options across your website. [Plan feature visibility] Function:  This button directs you to the  Feature Management Interface . Controls:  Allows administrators to  configure the display  of plan features on all frontend pricing. You can both  rearrange the sequential order  of the features and  selectively hide or show  specific features. Settings - Business details Informational Note These details will be used for payments & invoices. Brand name Function:  The primary trade name of your business, displayed on invoices and billing documents. Invoice Nr Prefix Function:  Sets a custom prefix for all invoices generated by the system. Usage:  Use a consistent prefix (e.g.,  INV- ) to categorize your billing documents. Name Function:  The official legal name of the entity issuing the invoices. Address Function:  The primary street address used for invoicing purposes. City Function:  The city associated with the business address. County Function:  The county or state/province associated with the business address (if applicable). ZIP Function:  The postal code associated with the business address. Country Function:  The country of the business registration, used for calculating appropriate tax jurisdictions. Email Function:  The main contact email address displayed on invoices for customer support regarding billing. Phone Function:  The main contact phone number displayed on invoices. Tax Type Function:  The official tax identification type (e.g., VAT, GST, Sales Tax). Tax ID Function:  The official identification number issued by the tax authority (e.g., VAT number, EIN, ABN). Custom field name Function:  Allows the administrator to define a custom label for an additional piece of business information on invoices. Custom field value Function:  The corresponding value for the custom field defined above. Settings - Payment Processors This list shows all payment processors that can be configured for payments and subscriptions: Available Payment Gateways Paypal Stripe Offline payment Coinbase PayU lyzico Paystack Razorpay Mollie Yookassa Crypto.com Paddle Classic Paddle Billing MercadoPago Midtrans Flutterwave Lemonsqueezy Myfatoorah Klarna Stripe Configuration (Example Setup) Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  IGo here for documentation regarding payment processor setup  https://altumco.de/66aix-docs#stripe Enable Stripe payments Function:  The master toggle to activate the Stripe payment gateway on your site. Publishable Key Function:  The key provided by Stripe to identify your account and handle client-side operations. Secret Key Function:  The private key used for secure server-side transactions and API calls. Webhook Secret Function:  The secret key used to verify that webhook events received by your site truly originate from Stripe. Currencies Function:  A list of currencies supported by this payment processor configuration. Usage:  Check the box next to each currency you wish to accept (e.g.,  USD ). Webhook URL Function:  The endpoint on your BirbAI installation that receives event notifications from Stripe. Note:  This URL ( https://birbai.com/webhook-stripe ) must be configured in your Stripe dashboard to ensure subscription and payment updates are correctly processed. Settings - Affiliate Enable the affiliate system Function:  The master switch for the affiliate program if you have the affiliate plugin. Behavior:  When enabled, your users are able to earn commissions by referring other paying users to the platform. Commission type Function:  Defines how commission payments are calculated. Example:   Once - give out commission for the first payment of a referred user . Tracking type Function:  Defines the model used to attribute a conversion to an affiliate. Example:   First - track first referrer until the tracking duration expires . Tracking duration Function:  Sets the lifespan of the affiliate tracking cookie on the user's browser. Duration:  Measured in  days . Minimum withdrawal amount Function:  Sets the threshold a user must meet before they can request a payout. Usage:  Enter the minimum amount required in their balance, measured in USD. Withdrawal request notes Function:  Provides custom instructions to users during the withdrawal process. Usage:  Use this field to inform users of requirements, such as including their bank account or PayPal email in the request. Settings - Captcha Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  Read the full documentation for Captcha setup here  https://66aix.com/docs#captchas . Captcha provider Function:  Selects the security service used to verify that users are human. Options:  Available options include  Cloudflare Turnstile ,  Basic captcha (self-hosted) ,  Google ReCaptcha v2 checkbox , and  hCaptcha . Turnstile Site Key Function:  The public key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used to load the widget on the frontend. Turnstile Secret Key Function:  The private key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used for secure server-side validation. Enable captcha on the login page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to log in. Enable captcha on the register page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to create a new account. Enable captcha on the lost password page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a password reset link. Enable captcha on the resend activation page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a new account activation email. Enable captcha on the contact page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users submitting a message via the contact form. Settings - Social logins This section allows administrators to integrate third-party authentication providers, enabling users to register and log in quickly using their existing social media accounts, streamlining the sign-up process. Available Social Login Options Facebook login Google login X login Discord login LinkedIn login Microsoft login Configuration Requirement Credentials:  To successfully enable any social login option, you must obtain the required  Client ID  (or API Key) and  Client Secret  from the respective third-party developer console. Setup:  These unique credentials must then be entered into the specific configuration page for that provider (e.g., Facebook login settings) to properly link your platform with the external service. Settings - Ads Ad blocker detector Function:  Activates the system to check if a user is running an ad-blocking extension. Behavior:  When an ad blocker is detected, the user will see a modal asking them to disable the ad blocker. Lock user until ad blocker is disabled Function:  A strict measure to enforce ad viewing. Behavior:  If enabled, the user is prevented from accessing the platform until they disable the ad blocker. Delay until lock Function:  Sets a grace period before the lock takes effect. Duration:  Measured in  seconds . Informational Note Advertising Condition:  Ads will only show users that do not have a plan with the 'No ads' plan feature enabled. Content:  The fields below accept text, html or javascript. App header Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the header section of the application. App footer Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the footer section of the application. Settings - Cookie consent Enable cookie consent Function:  Activates the cookie consent banner system for the website. Note:  Cookie consent is implemented using the  orestbida/cookieconsent  library. If using custom JavaScript, check the library's documentation for compatibility. Enable logging Function:  Records user consent decisions. Behavior:  When enabled, the system logs all users and their selected cookie consent preferences into a downloadable CSV file. Strictly necessary cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies essential for core website functionality. Performance and Analytics cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for tracking site usage and performance measurement. Advertisement and Targeting cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for delivering targeted ads and marketing content. Layout type Function:  Defines the visual appearance and format of the cookie consent banner. Example:   Bar  (typically a banner fixed to the top or bottom of the screen). Position Y Function:  Controls the vertical placement of the consent banner. Example:   Middle . Position X Function:  Controls the horizontal placement of the consent banner. Example:   Center . Settings - Socials Footer socials This section allows you to configure links to your official social media profiles and contact channels, typically displayed in the website footer. Threads Function:  Input field for your Threads profile URL. YouTube Function:  Input field for your YouTube channel URL. Facebook Function:  Input field for your Facebook profile or page URL. X Function:  Input field for your X (formerly Twitter) profile URL. Instagram Function:  Input field for your Instagram profile URL. TikTok Function:  Input field for your TikTok profile URL. LinkedIn Function:  Input field for your LinkedIn profile or company page URL. WhatsApp Function:  Input field for your WhatsApp contact number. Email Function:  Input field for your public contact email address. Share buttons (14) This section controls the visibility of social sharing features on content pages (like blog posts or documents). The following toggles are listed sequentially, reading down the left column first, then down the right column: Facebook Function:  Toggle to enable the Facebook share button. X Function:  Toggle to enable the X (formerly Twitter) share button. LinkedIn Function:  Toggle to enable the LinkedIn share button. WhatsApp Function:  Toggle to enable the WhatsApp share button. Snapchat Function:  Toggle to enable the Snapchat share button. Email Function:  Toggle to enable the Email share button. Device Function:  Toggle to enable the native device share function. Threads Function:  Toggle to enable the Threads share button. Pinterest Function:  Toggle to enable the Pinterest share button. Reddit Function:  Toggle to enable the Reddit share button. Telegram Function:  Toggle to enable the Telegram share button. Microsoft Teams Function:  Toggle to enable the Microsoft Teams share button. Copy to clipboard Function:  Toggle to enable the \"Copy link\" share button. Print Function:  Toggle to enable the Print share button. Settings - SMTP (Email) This page configures the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) settings used by the platform to send all outgoing transactional and notification emails. From name Function:  The name of the sender that will be displayed to the receiver. From email Function:  The email address of the sender. Reply to name Function:  The name specified for the reply-to address. Reply to email Function:  The email address that the receiver will use if they reply to the message. CC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a copy (CC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. BCC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a blind copy (BCC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. Host Function:  The hostname of your SMTP server (e.g.,  mail.smtp2go.com ). Note:  If this field is left empty, the system will attempt to use the default PHP mail function. Encryption Function:  Selects the required connection encryption protocol (e.g.,  TLS  or SSL). Port Function:  The port number used to connect to the SMTP host (e.g.,  25 ,  465 , or  587 ). Authentication Function:  Toggle to enable or disable required authentication for the SMTP connection. Username Function:  The username for your SMTP server account. Password Function:  The password for your SMTP server account. Send test email Function:  A button to send a diagnostic email to ensure the configured SMTP settings are working correctly. Display socials Function:  Toggle to control the visibility of social media icons and links. Behavior:  When enabled, these links will be displayed in the footer of all sent emails. Company details Function:  Text area for legal and contact information. Usage:  Enter legal details such as Name, address, and ways to get in touch for display in email footers. Theme Function:  A section break or link related to configuring the visual theme of system emails. Settings - Theme This page allows for deep customization of the platform's visual appearance, including Light and Dark theme color schemes, font choices, and general styling. Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable theme customization settings. Primary color theme Function:  Defines the core palette of colors available for elements like buttons, accents, and links. Usage:  You can select a predefined color by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Red, Orange, Blue, or Indigo). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise primary color. Gray color theme Function:  Defines the grayscale palette used for backgrounds, borders, and secondary text. Usage:  You can select a predefined shade by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Slate, Gray, Zinc, Neutral, or Stone). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise shade. Other settings Function:  Header for non-color-related theme settings. Font family Function:  Controls the typeface used across the application. Usage:  You can select one of the many predefined font families (such as Arial, Georgia, Tahoma, or Courier) by clicking on the desired font tile. Alternatively, the  Custom  input field allows the administrator to define a specific, custom font family to be used. Font family Function:  Input field for manually entering the desired CSS font family name. Example:   Times New Roman . Border radius Function:  Sets the global CSS border radius for elements across the application (e.g.,  0.5rem ). Settings - Custom JS / CSS App custom JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code to run across the entire application. Usage:  Commonly used for tracking codes, chat scripts, and general application-wide scripts. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User welcome JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code that is executed only when a newly registered user logs in for the very first time. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User payment thank you JS Function:  A text area for custom JavaScript code that runs on the thank you page after a user has completed a successful payment. Available Dynamic Variables:  Includes user variables plus payment-specific variables:  {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} ,  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PROCESSOR}} ,  {{PAYMENT:FREQUENCY}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:CODE}} ,  {{PAYMENT:TYPE}} , and  {{PAYMENT:TOTAL_AMOUNT}} . App custom CSS Function:  A text area for adding custom CSS code to modify and enhance specific style elements of the website as needed. App body content Function:  A text area for inserting custom code (HTML or JS) right inside the  <body>  tag. Usage:  Especially useful for various forms of tracking or integrating services like Google Tag Manager. Here is the documentation for the  Settings - Custom images  page, listed in the exact sequence they appear in the interface, without numbering or grouping. Settings - Custom images Purpose:  This section allows you to replace the default images displayed on the homepage with your own custom images. File Requirements (Applies to all uploads):  Allowed file types are  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp , and  .avif , with a maximum file size of 16 MB. index/testimonial-one.webp Function:  File upload field to replace the first testimonial image on the index page. index/testimonial-two.webp Function:  File upload field to replace the second testimonial image on the index page. index/testimonial-three.webp Function:  File upload field to replace the third testimonial image on the index page. Settings - Announcements This section allows administrators to create and customize global announcement banners for different segments of the audience. Target Audience Options:  You can choose to target  Guests  (non-logged-in visitors) or  Users  (logged-in members). Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the announcement banner for the selected target audience. Announcement content Function:  Text area for the content of the announcement. Format:  This field accepts standard text, HTML, or JavaScript. Dynamic Variables:  You can use the dynamic variable  {{WEBSITE_TITLE}} . SpinTax Support:  SpinTax format is supported (e.g.,  {!Hi|Hey|Hello}  to randomize words or phrases). Text color Function:  Sets the color of the text within the announcement banner. Background color Function:  Sets the background color of the announcement banner. Settings - Internal notifications This section controls the in-app notification system and specifies which events should trigger a notification for both users and administrators. Enable notifications system for users Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system for end-users. Enable notifications system for admins (admin panel) Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system within the administration panel. New user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user registers. Deleted user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a user account is deleted. New newsletter subscriber Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user subscribes to the newsletter. New payment Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new payment is successfully processed. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new affiliate withdrawal request is initiated. Settings - Email notifications This section configures which administrative email addresses should receive notifications for specific events occurring on the platform. Emails to be notified Function:  A text area for inputting the email addresses that will receive notifications. Usage:  Add valid email addresses separated by a comma. These emails will receive a notification when any of the enabled actions below are performed. New user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new user registers to the website. Delete user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when any user deletes their account. New payment Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new payment is successfully processed. New custom domain Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new custom domain is pending approval. Contact page emails Function:  Toggle to enable the contact system, ensuring emails from the contact page are received by the specified addresses. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new affiliate withdrawal request is submitted. Settings - Push notifications This section manages the setup and behavior of browser-based push notifications, which are initiated by users subscribing through a dedicated button or link.  Note: Enabling this system typically requires the Push Notifications plugin. Enable the Push Notifications system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the entire push notification system. Accept guests as subscribers Function:  Toggle to accept subscriptions to push notifications from users who are not registered or logged into an account. Ask user to subscribe modal Function:  Toggle to enable a modal pop-up that asks the user to subscribe. Note:  The modal will appear if the user has not been asked already, or it can be manually triggered via a footer link. Delay until modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the time delay (in seconds) before the subscription modal appears. Minimum session pageviews count before modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the minimum number of pageviews a user must have during a session before the subscription modal is displayed. Icon Function:  File upload field for the icon that will be displayed with the push notifications. File Requirements:   .jpg ,  .jpeg , and  .png  files are allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Cron settings Function:  A link or section break related to the configuration of cron jobs necessary for sending scheduled push notifications. Settings - Webhooks This section allows you to configure automated POST requests (webhooks) to external URLs whenever specific events occur on the platform. Wait for webhook response - domains Function:  A text area for listing domains where the system should wait for a full response after sending a webhook. Usage:  Domains should be comma-separated. This setting is necessary for compatibility with platforms like Make.com or n8n that require the full response to be read. New users event - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a new user registers. Form Data Values:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  source ,  is_newsletter_subscribed , and  datetime . Users update event - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a user's information is updated. Form Data Values:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  source , and  datetime . User deletion event - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a user deletes their account. Form Data Values:   user_id ,  email ,  name , and  datetime . New payment event - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a new payment is successfully made. Form Data Values:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  plan_id ,  plan_expiration_date ,  payment_id ,  payment_processor ,  payment_type ,  payment_frequency ,  payment_total_amount ,  payment_currency ,  payment_code , and  datetime . Code redeemed event - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a discount or plan code is redeemed. Form Data Values:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  plan_id ,  plan_expiration_date ,  code_id ,  code ,  code_name ,  redeemed_days , and  datetime . Contact form - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when the contact form is submitted. Form Data Values:   name ,  email ,  subject ,  message , and  datetime . Cron job start - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a cron job starts. Form Data Values:   type  and  datetime . Cron job end - webhook URL Function:  Input field for the URL that receives a webhook POST request when a cron job finishes. Form Data Values:   type  and  datetime . Settings - Offload & CDN This section contains settings for optimizing asset delivery and reducing server load by utilizing external storage and content delivery networks. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Offload assets & user content' plugin to use this feature. Offload Function:  A link or section to configure offloading static content (e.g., user-uploaded images, large files) to a cloud storage service. CDN Function:  A link or section to configure a Content Delivery Network for faster, global delivery of website assets. Settings - PWA This section is used to enable and configure the Progressive Web App (PWA) functionality for the website. Note: You must own, install & activate the 'PWA system' plugin to use this feature. Enable the PWA system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Progressive Web App feature. Display install helper bar in the footer Function:  Toggle to show a bar in the footer that assists users with installing the PWA. Display install bar for guests Function:  Toggle to display the PWA install bar even for non-logged-in users. Delay until bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the time delay, in seconds, before the install helper bar is displayed. Minimum session pageviews count before bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the minimum number of pageviews a user must complete during a session before the install bar is displayed. App name Function:  Input field for the full name of your PWA, which will be shown on the phone home screen or desktop. App short name Function:  Input field for the optional short name of your PWA, which is displayed when there is not enough room for the full name. App short description Function:  Input field for an optional short description of the PWA, shown in some devices during and after installation. App start URL Function:  Input field for the internal page that should load when the PWA app is opened. Note:  UTM tracking parameters ( utm_source=pwa&utm_medium=app&utm_campaign=install-or-pwa-launch ) are automatically added. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color used on the splash screen and while the app is loading. Theme color Function:  Color input field for the browser UI color that matches your app's theme. App icon Function:  File upload field for the main PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. App icon maskable Function:  File upload field for a maskable PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Mobile screenshots Function:  A section for uploading mobile screenshots of the PWA. Desktop screenshots Function:  A section for uploading desktop screenshots of the PWA. Shortcuts Function:  A section for configuring quick access shortcuts within the PWA. Settings - Image optimizer This section manages the system for automatically optimizing images uploaded to the platform. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Image optimizer' plugin to use this feature. Enable the image optimizer system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the image optimization feature. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track all image optimization logs. Note:  Logs can be inspected via the admin panel. Optimization provider Function:  Dropdown to select the image optimization service. Note:  The default  Local  provider performs basic optimization and only works for JPG files. Optimization quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality after the optimization. Recommendation:  Use ∼75% to get a good optimization result while maintaining quality at a good rate. Settings - Dynamic OG Img. This section manages the system that automatically generates Open Graph (OG) images dynamically for social media sharing. Note: You must own, install & activate the Dynamic OG Images plugin to use this feature. Enable the dynamic OG images generator system Function:  Master toggle to activate the dynamic OG images generator. Service IP Whitelisting:  The dynamic OG image system sends requests to your server from an external IP for processing. You must ensure your server does not block incoming requests from the IP used by the dynamic image generation service: 178.158.142.190. API Key Function:  Input field for the API key of an admin account of the website. Imagery Pro API key Function:  Input field for the license key from an active AltumCode Club subscription. Usage:  Subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Image quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality for the generated OG image. Recommendation:  Use ∼90% for a crisp but still small and optimized image in modern WEBP format. Title Function:  Text input for the branded title of your site to be displayed on the OG image. Note:  Leave empty to disable this title branding. Title color Function:  Color input field for the text color of the branded title. Logo Function:  File upload field for the logo to be displayed on the OG image. File Requirements:  Low file size SVG or WEBP is highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background image Function:  File upload field for the image used as the background of the OG image. Recommendation:  Background image should be a wider image, preferably 1200×630 pixels. Low file size SVG or WEBP highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color. Screenshot image size border radius Function:  Input field (in pixels) to set the roundness of the dynamic screenshot borders inside the OG image. Refresh interval Function:  Input field (in days) to set how often the dynamic OG image should be refreshed. Preview Function:  Displays an approximate preview with a sample screenshot image. Settings - Email shield This section configures the system designed to validate email addresses and shield the platform from invalid or temporary email registrations. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Email Shield' plugin to use this feature. Enable the email shield system Function:  Master toggle to activate the email shield system. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track how many valid and invalid email domain results the site receives on a daily basis. Email Shield API key Function:  Input field for the API key required for the service. Usage:  The key is a license key from your active AltumCode Club subscription; subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Whitelisted domains Function:  Text area for domains you wish to always allow, even if the system might otherwise block them. Usage:  Enter comma separated values of domains (e.g.,  domain.com, domain2.com ...etc ). Here is the revised documentation for the  Settings - SSO (Single Sign On)  page, incorporating the detailed instructions for adding websites. Settings - SSO This section manages the configuration of the Single Sign-On system, which allows users to seamlessly switch between connected installations of AltumCode software. Enable the SSO (Single Sign On) system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Single Sign-On system. Display switch links in the menu Function:  Toggle to control whether links for connected websites are automatically displayed to users in the menu. Note:  If disabled, custom redirection links can be created and added from the  Pages  section using a URL structure like  https://birbai.com/sso/switch?to={website_id}&redirect={page} . Variable Explanations: {website_id} : Should be replaced with the website ID entered in the section below. {page} : Can be a page from that particular website (e.g.,  dashboard ). Websites Function:  This section lists and manages the other AltumCode software installations connected via the SSO system. Context:  With Single Sign-On, you can connect the main Birb services, such as BirbAI, BirbShare, BirbMetrics, and BirbSEO. Action:  The  + Create  button is used to add additional websites to the Single Sign-On system. When adding a new website (by clicking  + Create ), the following details are required: ID:  Simple identification name for the website. Name:  The display name of the website. URL:  The base URL of the another AltumCode software installation (e.g.,  https://birbai.com/ ). API Key:  The API key of an admin account of the website. To retrieve the required Admin API key for the added website, log in as admin on that service. On the Admin dashboard, you will find the  API docs  link in the left-side navigation; go there to get your key. Icon:  FontAwesome icon class (e.g.,  fas fa-bolt ). Settings - Cron This section displays the required cron job commands for the proper functioning of various scheduled tasks on the platform. The commands are typically set up on the server's cron manager. Essential cron job Function:  The required command for the core essential tasks of the platform. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbai.com/cron/reset?key= .... Note: The full security key is displayed in the admin area, but it has been redacted in this document image for safety reasons. Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Broadcasts cron job Function:  The required command for running scheduled broadcasts. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbai.com/cron/broadcasts?key= .... Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Push notifications plugin cron job Function:  The required command for running the scheduled tasks of the Push Notifications plugin. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbai.com/cron/push_notifications?key= .... Status:  Last executed: N/A. Settings - Health This section shows you the health status of all the server requirements. The green checkmarks mean everything is in order and enabled. PHP Version Requirement:  8.3−8.4. Status:  8.3.27. OpenSSL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. mbstring Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. GD Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. MySQLi Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. cURL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. INTL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. set_time_limit() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. iconv() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. get_headers() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. mime_content_type() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. allow_url_fopen Requirement:  INI Configuration. Status:  Enabled. Settings - Cache This section provides information about the system's local file caching, which stores and retrieves frequently accessed data for better performance. Cache is enabled Function:  Displays the current status of the cache. Status:  The software's caching is currently enabled. Note:  Caching can be enabled or disabled from the  index.php  file of the product. Current cache size Function:  Displays the total size of the cache on the server, measured in MB. Value:  0.092207 MB. Clear cache Function:  Button to purge all stored cache files. Settings - License This section displays your current software license details and allows you to update the license key. License Function:  Displays the active license key obtained from purchasing the product. License type Function:  Displays the type of license currently applied to the website. Value Example:   extended . New license Function:  Input field used to change the website license to a new one. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current license. Settings - Support This section manages the licensing and status of your product support, which is typically tied to your purchase of the software. Support key Function:  The input field that holds your currently active support key. Status Function:  Displays the current validity and expiration status of your support key. Extend your support Function:  An action button to navigate to a page where you can purchase an extension of your support period. New support key Function:  Input field used to change the current support key. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current support key."
    },
    "/docs/documentation/birbshare-admin-guide/": {
        "title": "BirbShare Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbShare Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview Upon logging into the BirbShare Admin Panel, you are greeted by the  Main Dashboard . This page acts as your \"Mission Control,\" providing a high-level snapshot of your platform's health, revenue, and user activity. Quick-View Metrics (Top Row) The top section displays real-time counters. Use these cards to gauge system load and business performance at a glance. Transfers & Files:  Tracks the volume of content being shared. A sudden spike here may indicate a viral file or increased server load. Total Size:  Monitors the aggregate storage space used across the server (e.g.,  781.1 MB ). Note:  Keep an eye on this metric to anticipate when you need to scale your storage infrastructure. Pageviews & Downloads:  Measures engagement. High pageviews with low downloads may indicate issues with the download page UI. Users:  The total count of registered accounts for the current month. Earned (Revenue):  Displays the gross revenue (e.g.,  6.19 USD ) processed in the current period. Latest Users & Online Status This table provides immediate visibility into user growth and current platform usage. User Identity:  Displays the user's avatar and email address. Status Indicator: Active (Green):  The user has verified their email and is in good standing. Inactive/Banned (Red/Gray):  The user requires attention or has been restricted. Plan Details:  Quickly identify if the new signup is on a  Free  or  Premium  tier. Metadata Icons:  The icons under \"Details\" represent the user's environment (Browser, OS, Country, IP) to help with debugging or fraud detection. Admin Notifications The  Admin Notifications  feed acts as a real-time log of critical system events. New Signups:  alerts you immediately when a new user registers. System Alerts:  (If configured) This section will also display critical errors or payment failures. Action:  Click on a specific notification to jump directly to the relevant user profile or log entry. Latest Payments For platforms monetizing via subscriptions, this section tracks incoming cash flow. Transaction Details:  Shows the User, the Plan purchased (e.g., Premium), and the exact amount. Type & Gateway:  Indicates if the charge was a  One-time payment  or  Monthly subscription , and which processor handled it (e.g.,  Stripe , PayPal). Quick Actions: Use the  Trash icon  to manually void or hide a transaction record (use with caution). Use the  Options menu (⋮)  to view the full invoice or issue a refund. Navigation Sidebar Reference The sidebar provides quick access to every aspect of the BirbShare platform. The menu is arranged from general administration at the top to granular technical settings at the bottom. General Administration Admin dashboard:  The landing page. Displays the \"Mission Control\" view with high-level metrics, active users, and recent revenue snapshots. Users:  The master list of all registered accounts. Use this to search for specific members, edit profile details, assign roles (e.g., Moderator), or ban abusive users. Settings:  The global configuration hub. Manage core site attributes including the site name, logo, SEO metadata, and default upload limits. Plans:  Configure your monetization tiers. Create, edit, or delete subscription packages (e.g., Free vs. Premium) and define the storage quotas or expiration rules for each. Languages:  Localization management. Add new languages to your site or translate specific UI strings to support a global user base. Communication & Extensions Broadcasts:  A mass-communication tool. Use this to send platform-wide announcements or marketing emails to all registered users. Users notifications:  Manage the specific alerts users receive within their dashboard (e.g., \"Your file has expired\" or \"Payment successful\"). Plugins:  The extension manager. Install, activate, or configure third-party add-ons to expand site functionality without altering core code. Statistics:  Detailed analytics. Access in-depth charts regarding server storage usage, visitor geography, and traffic trends over time. Content Management (CMS) Resources:   (Dropdown)  Manage the Help Center or Knowledge Base articles to assist users with common questions. Blog:   (Dropdown)  A built-in CMS to publish news, updates, and articles to your public-facing blog pages. API docs:  Auto-generated documentation for the BirbShare API. Useful for developers or users looking to integrate your service with external tools. Finance & Monetization Codes:  Manage promotional strategies. Create discount coupons for paid plans or generate invite codes for private registration. Taxes:  Configure regional tax rules (such as VAT or GST) to ensure compliance for payments processed in specific countries. Payments:  The financial ledger. View a chronological history of all incoming transactions, download invoices, or process refunds. File & Project Management Transfers:  A log of all transfer sessions initiated by users. Use this to moderate activity or investigate reports of prohibited content. Files:  A direct file-system view. Allows admins to browse hosted assets and permanently delete specific files from the server. Projects:  Manage user workspaces or grouped collections of files. Technical Configuration Pixels:  Marketing integration. Add tracking IDs for services like Google Analytics or Facebook Pixel to track conversion rates. Domains:  Manage custom branding. Configure settings for users who wish to connect their own custom domains to their BirbShare profiles. Notif. handlers:  Configure the delivery drivers for system emails (e.g., SMTP settings, SendGrid, Mailgun) to ensure emails reach user inboxes. Users logs:  Security auditing. View a raw log of user actions, including login times and IP addresses, to detect suspicious activity. Settings - Main The  Settings > Main  page allows you to configure the core identity of your site, including branding assets, default user preferences, and system-wide visual themes. Site Identity & Branding These fields control how your site appears to users and how it looks when shared on social media. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g.,  BirbShare ). This appears in the browser tab and is used in system emails. Logo for light theme:  Upload the version of your logo optimized for light backgrounds. Logo for dark theme:  Upload the version of your logo optimized for dark backgrounds (usually with lighter text/icons). Logo for sent emails:  A specific logo file used in transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets, etc.). This ensures your branding looks correct in email clients. Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the site title. Opengraph Image:  The \"preview card\" image that appears automatically when someone shares a link to your site on platforms like Facebook, Twitter/X, or Discord. Format Note:  Most image fields accept  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp , and  .avif . The maximum file size is  512 MB . Regional & System Defaults These settings determine the default experience for new visitors and unauthenticated users. Default timezone:  Sets the server baseline time (e.g.,  UTC ). This is the default for new users until they customize it in their own profile settings. Default theme style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode by default for new visitors. Default language:  Sets the primary language for the site interface (e.g.,  english - en ). Default results per page:  Controls the density of data tables across the admin and user panels (e.g.,  100  items per page). Default results order:  Determines if lists (like files or users) are sorted by  Ascending  (Oldest first) or  Descending  (Newest first) by default. App-wide Settings The  App-wide Settings  section controls the foundational behavior, navigation logic, and global feature availability of your BirbAI installation. These toggles allow you to enable or disable core system functionalities without needing to touch code. Enable spotlight system for admins  Enables the global command palette for administrators. When active, admins can press  CMD + K  (Mac) or  CTRL + K  (Windows) to open a search modal and quickly navigate to different pages. Enable spotlight system for users  Enables the global command palette for regular users. This allows them to quickly search for features or navigate their account using  CMD/CTRL + K . Enable white labeling system  Unlocks the ability for specific users (usually on high-tier plans) to customize the account branding. This allows them to replace the default logo, footer, and page titles with their own brand identity. Enable theme style selector  Adds a toggle button in the website footer, allowing users to manually switch between Light and Dark visual themes. Enable automatic language detection  When a visitor arrives, the system will detect their browser's preferred language. If that language is supported by your site, they will be automatically redirected to the localized version. Enable users API system  Allows users to generate and manage their own API keys. Enable this if you want to let developers build third-party applications or integrations using your platform. Track email views & clicks for Broadcasts  Adds tracking pixels to system emails to measure open rates and link clicks. Note:  Enabling this increases the load on your server and requires more database storage. Enable breadcrumbs  Displays a navigation trail at the top of pages (e.g.,  Home > Dashboard > Settings ). This helps users understand where they are within the application structure. Display pagination regardless of page count Enabled:  The pagination controls are always visible, even if there is only one page of results. Disabled:  Pagination controls are hidden unless there are at least two pages of content. Allow search engines indexing  Controls whether public pages of your site are visible to search engines like Google or Bing. On:  Your  robots.txt  file will allow indexing. Off:  Search engines will be instructed to ignore your site (useful for private or development environments). Allow AI scraping  Controls whether AI data bots (like OpenAI, Google Gemini, or Bing) are allowed to scrape your public content for model training. Force HTTPS  Forces all site traffic to use the secure  https://  protocol. Warning:  Only enable this  after  you have confirmed that the  SITE_URL  value in your  config.php  file starts with  https:// . Enabling this prematurely can lock you out of the site. Iframe embedding allowed domains  Controls security settings for embedding your site elsewhere. all : Allows your site to be embedded in an iframe on any domain. none : Completely disables iframe embedding (recommended for security). Specific URLs : Enter comma-separated domains to allow embedding only on trusted sites. Title separator  Defines the symbol used in the browser tab title to separate the page name from the website name (e.g., enter  -  for titles like \"Dashboard - BirbShare\"). Index Settings This page allows you to customize the content blocks displayed on your default landing page and optionally redirect the root domain to a completely custom external site. Content Toggles Use the toggles below to control which informational blocks are visible to visitors on the index (home) page. Display plans on the index page On:  Shows the pricing table and plan features section on the landing page. Off:  Hides the pricing details from the homepage. Display testimonials on the index page On:  Displays a section featuring user reviews and social proof. Off:  Hides the testimonials block. Display FAQ on the index page On:  Shows the Frequently Asked Questions section. Off:  Hides the FAQ block. Display latest blog posts on the index page On:  Displays a widget showing a preview of recent articles from your Blog. Off:  Hides the blog preview widget. Custom Index Page Configuration Custom index page URL  This field allows you to completely bypass the default BirbAI landing page and redirect all root traffic to an external URL (e.g., a page hosted on WordPress or a separate marketing site). To Enable:  Enter the full URL of the custom landing page (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ). This will disable the original landing page and redirect all incoming requests. To Disable:  Leave the field empty. The system will then revert to displaying the original BirbAI landing page and the content blocks enabled above. Maintenance Settings Use these settings to enable the application-wide  Maintenance Mode  and customize the message presented to users while the site is down for updates, bug fixes, or new feature rollouts. Maintenance Mode Activation Enable maintenance mode Function:  This is the master switch for taking the site offline. Behavior:  When enabled, all users (non-Admins) attempting to access any page will be redirected to the custom maintenance screen. Exceptions:  Access is preserved for essential administrative and recovery functions: the  Login  page,  Lost Password  page, and  Reset Password  pages remain accessible. Admins can log in and view the site normally. Maintenance Page Customization Customize the content and action link displayed on the maintenance screen. Maintenance title  The main heading displayed prominently on the maintenance page (e.g.,  BirbShare ). Maintenance description  The body text that informs your users about the reason for the downtime (e.g., \"BirbShare is currently undergoing maintenance. We are updating the software and integrating the latest APIs.\"). Action button text  The text displayed on the call-to-action button (e.g.,  Visit Birb.com ). Action button URL  The destination link for the action button. This is typically used to direct users to a status page, a marketing site, or a social media channel for updates (e.g.,  https://birb.com ). Other Settings This section manages miscellaneous core system variables, including legal obligations, system performance caching, and the configuration for administrative AI services. Other Settings Reference Custom 404 page URL Function:  Disables the default \"Page Not Found\" error page. Usage:  Enter a full URL (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ) to redirect users hitting a broken link to a custom error page. Leave the field empty to revert to the system's default 404 page. Terms and Conditions URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Terms and Conditions. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Privacy Policy URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Privacy Policy. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Preview chart cache Sets the duration (in  hours ) for which analytical chart data is cached. Lowering this value provides more real-time data but increases server load. Preview chart time frame Defines the maximum time period (in  days ) that the dashboard and statistics charts cover. Data older than this limit will not be included in the default chart visualization. Account avatar size limit Sets the maximum file size (in  MB ) allowed for user avatar uploads. Note:  This limit cannot be set higher than the maximum upload size configured on your actual server. OpenAI API key Enter a valid OpenAI API key here. Usage:  This key is specifically used for the  automatic translation  functionality found within the admin panel language packs and system assets. OpenAI model Select the specific OpenAI model to be used for the internal admin translation feature (e.g.,  gpt-5 ). Sitemap Sitemap URL:  This read-only field displays the link to your generated sitemap (e.g.,  https://birbshare.com/sitemap ). Submit this URL to search engines (like Google Search Console) to improve your SEO indexing. Saving Your Changes After making any modifications, you must click the blue  Update  button at the very bottom of the page to apply them. Settings - Users This section manages all user-related system settings, including  new user registration ,  login and social login behavior ,  email confirmation ,  cookie timeframes , and provides access to  Cleanup  and  Anti spam measures  sub-sections. Enable new users registration Function:  Controls user access to the platform. Behavior:  Allows people to register on your platform. Disabling this toggle completely removes the registration page, making the platform invite-only or admin-only. Exclusive login/registration with Social logins Function:  Restricts the available login methods. Behavior:  When enabled, users can only register or log in using third-party social providers (e.g., Google, Facebook). Standard email/password registration is disabled. Social logins require password Function:  Enhances account security for social sign-ups. Behavior:  When enabled, users who first register via a social login will be required to set an account password. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on registration page Function:  Adds a marketing opt-in during account creation. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox on the primary registration page. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on account settings page Function:  Provides a persistent opt-in/opt-out option. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox within the user's personal account settings page. Auto-check \"Remember me\" on login page Function:  Controls the default state of the login session persistence checkbox. Behavior:  When enabled, the \"Remember me\" checkbox on the login page will be checked by default. \"Remember me\" cookie time frame Function:  Sets the duration for session persistence. Behavior:  Defines how long (in  days ) the user's login session remains active when the \"Remember me\" box is checked.  Default is 90 days. Enable usage of email aliases Function:  Allows for flexible email management. Behavior:  Permits people to register or use email aliases (e.g.,  hello+admin@example.com  or  user+alias@email.com ). Email confirmation Function:  Controls account security and verification upon sign-up. Behavior:  When enabled, an email confirmation link is sent when a user registers or changes their email address. The account remains unconfirmed until the link is clicked. Welcome email Function:  Controls introductory communication. Behavior:  Sends out a welcome email automatically when a new user successfully completes registration. Cleanup Settings This page manages automated maintenance routines and user deletion policies based on inactivity and confirmation status, helping you keep your user database lean and secure. Auto delete unconfirmed users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that failed to confirm their email address. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  an unconfirmed account will exist before being automatically deleted. Note:  Since these users are unconfirmed, no deletion reminders will be sent to them. Set the value to  0  to permanently disable this feature. Auto delete inactive users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that have been inactive for a specified period. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  a user can be inactive before their account is deleted. Restriction:  This feature is  only valid for Free users . Paid subscribers are not subject to auto-deletion for inactivity. Set the value to  0  to disable this feature. User deletion reminder Function:  Sends a warning email to users scheduled for deletion due to inactivity. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the deletion date that the user should receive the reminder email. Note:  Set the value to  0  to disable this reminder system. Anti spam measures This page allows administrators to configure various security and throttling mechanisms to prevent automated bot activity,fraudulent signups, and brute-force attacks. Blacklisted domains Function:  Prevents registration and login attempts from specific email domains. Usage:  Enter domain names (e.g.,  spamdomain.com, tempmail.co ) separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their email address is associated with any domain in this list. Blacklisted IPs Function:  Blocks access based on the user's IP address. Usage:  Enter IP addresses separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their IP address is included in this list. Select blacklisted countries Function:  Restricts access based on geographical location. Usage:  Select countries from the list that you wish to block. Users will be unable to register or log in from any of the selected countries. Detection is based on the user's IP address. Login lockout is enabled Function:  Activates brute-force protection for the login page. Behavior:  When enabled, login attempts are throttled after repeated failures. Max login retries Function:  Defines the number of failed login attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Password reset lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for the password reset functionality. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can attempt to reset their password within a given timeframe. Max reset retries Function:  Defines the number of failed password reset attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max reset retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Resend activation lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for resending account activation emails. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can request a new activation email. Max resend retries Function:  Defines the number of resend requests allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max resend retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Register lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection to prevent spam registrations. Behavior:  Limits the number of registrations allowed from a single IP address or network within a set period. Max registrations Function:  Defines the maximum number of successful registrations allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 registrations. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP is blocked from registering after reaching the max registrations limit. Unit:  Days. Settings - Content This section controls the configuration and visibility of the platform's native blog system. Enable blog system Function:  The master switch for the blogging feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the blog area becomes accessible on the frontend and the Blog section appears in the Admin Sidebar. Enable blog share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to individual blog posts. Behavior:  Allows users to easily share articles on various social media platforms. Enable blog search widget Function:  Adds a dedicated search bar widget to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Allows visitors to search for specific content within the blog. Enable blog categories widget Function:  Adds a navigation widget listing post categories to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Helps users filter posts by topic. Enable blog popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget listing the most-viewed articles. Behavior:  Promotes high-engagement content on the blog sidebar. Enable blog views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of post view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each article is shown publicly. Enable blog ratings system Function:  Activates user feedback mechanisms. Behavior:  Allows logged-in users to rate or like blog posts. Blog system columns Function:  Defines the layout structure of the blog post listing page. Usage:  Select the number of columns (e.g., 1, 2, 3) to arrange blog post previews. Resources This section controls the configuration and visibility of the Resources or static Pages system (often used for Help/About pages). Enable resources (pages) system Function:  The master switch for the static Pages feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the Resources section becomes functional and manageable via the Admin Sidebar. Enable pages share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to static resources/pages. Behavior:  Allows visitors to share help articles or static pages on social media. Enable pages popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget to the resources sidebar listing the most frequently viewed pages. Behavior:  Promotes high-traffic resources. Enable pages views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of page view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each static page is shown publicly. Settings - Transfers The  Settings > Transfers  page controls the core behavior of file sharing on BirbShare. Here, you can configure how links are generated, set upload limitations, and toggle specific features like custom domains or email transfers. URL Generation & Branding Control the appearance of the public download pages. Random URL length:  Defines the number of characters in the automatically generated link slug (e.g., a value of  7  results in  birbshare.com/aBcDeFg ). Recommendation:  Keep this between 6–8 characters to balance short URLs with enough unique combinations to avoid collisions. Branding:  This text (or HTML) appears in the footer of the transfer download page. Dynamic Variables:  You can use specific placeholders that automatically populate based on context: {{WEBSITE_TITLE}} : Inserts your site name. {{URL}} : Inserts the link to the file. {{AFFILIATE_URL_TAG}} : Inserts the user's affiliate ID if applicable. Upload Behavior & Performance These settings affect the server performance and the user upload experience. Enable email transfers:  If enabled, users will see an option to send files directly to a recipient's email address via the platform. Enable parallel file uploading:  Allows users to upload multiple files simultaneously rather than one by one. Warning:  Enabling this significantly improves user speed but increases the instantaneous load on your server. Ensure your infrastructure can handle concurrent connections before enabling. Chunk size limit:  When uploading large files, the system breaks them into smaller \"chunks\" to prevent timeouts. Define the size (in MB) per chunk here. Note:  You cannot set this higher than your actual web server's (Nginx/Apache/PHP)  upload_max_filesize . Offload chunk size limit:  Applicable only if you are using external storage (like AWS S3 or Wasabi). This controls the chunk size sent to the remote bucket. File Types & Previews Blacklisted extensions:  A comma-separated list of file types users are  forbidden  to upload (e.g.,  exe, bat, sh ). Use this to prevent malware distribution. Preview extensions:  A comma-separated list of file types that can be viewed directly in the browser without downloading (e.g.,  jpg, png, pdf, mp4 ). System Modules (Feature Toggles) Enable or disable major sections of the platform based on your business model. Enable the Transfers report system:  Adds a \"Flag\" icon to download pages, allowing visitors to report illegal or abusive content to admins. Enable the Projects system:  Allows users to create folders or workspaces to organize their files. Enable the pixels system:  Allows users to add tracking IDs (Facebook Pixel, Google Analytics) to their download pages for marketing data. Custom Domains & DNS These settings allow users to brand their links (e.g.,  files.mycompany.com  instead of  birbshare.com ). Enable the Custom Domains system:  The master switch to allow users to attach their own domains. Enable the Additional Custom Domains system:  Allows you (the admin) to add global domains that  all  users can select from a dropdown list. Enable the usage of the main domain:  If disabled, users  must  use a custom domain or an additional domain; they cannot generate links using your primary site URL. IP of your server:  The specific IP address that users must point their DNS A-Records to when setting up a custom domain. Security & Blacklists Blacklisted domains:  A list of domains that cannot be used as a destination or referrer. Blacklisted keywords:  A comma-separated list of words forbidden in custom URL aliases. Use this to reserve system paths (like  admin ,  login ,  api ) or prevent offensive words in URLs. Settings - Payment This page provides comprehensive configuration for all aspects of monetization, billing, currency display, and payment processor integration. Enable payments system Function:  The master switch for all monetization features. Behavior:  Disabling this will remove all options for users to upgrade their accounts or see any payment-related information. Enabled payment types Function:  Selects the types of plans you offer. Usage:  Choose between offering  One time  payments,  Recurring  payments, or  Both . Default payment type Function:  Sets the initial default payment structure for the application. Usage:  (e.g.,  One time ). Default payment frequency Function:  Sets the default billing cycle for subscriptions. Usage:  (e.g.,  Monthly ,  Annually ). Currency code Function:  Defines the three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for payments. Example:   USD - United States Dollar . Currency symbol Function:  Defines the visual symbol to be used next to the price (e.g.,  $ ,  € ,  £ ). Display currency as Function:  Selects how the currency should be rendered on the pricing and plan pages (e.g., using the symbol or the full code). Currency placement Function:  Defines the position of the currency symbol relative to the price. Usage:  Choose between  Left of price  ( $10 ) or  Right of price  ( 10$ ). Default processor Function:  Specifies the payment gateway used by default for transactions. Warning:  Ensure this payment processor has the selected currency code enabled in its own settings. [Delete] Function:  Button to delete the current payment processor configuration. [Create] Function:  Button to initiate the setup of a new payment processor configuration. Default currency Function:  Sets the primary currency code for all payments processed on the platform. Warning:  Once you start receiving payments,  do not change this value , as it can corrupt payment records. Enable discount & reclamation codes Function:  Master toggle for promotional offers. Behavior:  Enables the account to validate and apply discount codes created in the admin panel before checkout. Enable taxes & billing system Function:  Activates required billing information collection and tax calculation. Behavior:  This requires users to fill in their billing details before checkout and enables the system to calculate appropriate taxes for each planned payment. Enable invoices system Function:  Controls user access to historical payment records. Behavior:  Users will be able to see or download PDF invoices for their payments or not. Trial system requires card Function:  Modifies the free trial enrollment process. Behavior:  This setting only works with payment processors supporting trial subscriptions (e.g., Stripe). When enabled, a user must provide a credit card to start a trial; otherwise, the standard \"trial without card\" system is used. User plan expiry reminder Function:  Configures the reminder system for upcoming plan expirations. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the expiry date that the user should receive a notification email. Set  0  to disable the reminder. User plan expiry checker & notifier Function:  Master switch for automated plan renewal and expiry emails. Behavior:  Enables sending emails to users whose plans are about to expire or have stopped paying via the Cron job. If disabled, the expired plan will instead be reset only when the user logs into their account. Currency exchange API key Function:  Required key for platforms using multiple currencies. Usage:  This key is only needed in case you integrate and use multiple currency options across your website. [Plan feature visibility] Function:  This button directs you to the  Feature Management Interface . Controls:  Allows administrators to  configure the display  of plan features on all frontend pricing. You can both  rearrange the sequential order  of the features and  selectively hide or show  specific features. Settings - Business details Informational Note These details will be used for payments & invoices. Brand name Function:  The primary trade name of your business, displayed on invoices and billing documents. Invoice Nr Prefix Function:  Sets a custom prefix for all invoices generated by the system. Usage:  Use a consistent prefix (e.g.,  INV- ) to categorize your billing documents. Name Function:  The official legal name of the entity issuing the invoices. Address Function:  The primary street address used for invoicing purposes. City Function:  The city associated with the business address. County Function:  The county or state/province associated with the business address (if applicable). ZIP Function:  The postal code associated with the business address. Country Function:  The country of the business registration, used for calculating appropriate tax jurisdictions. Email Function:  The main contact email address displayed on invoices for customer support regarding billing. Phone Function:  The main contact phone number displayed on invoices. Tax Type Function:  The official tax identification type (e.g., VAT, GST, Sales Tax). Tax ID Function:  The official identification number issued by the tax authority (e.g., VAT number, EIN, ABN). Custom field name Function:  Allows the administrator to define a custom label for an additional piece of business information on invoices. Custom field value Function:  The corresponding value for the custom field defined above. Settings - Payment Processors This list shows all payment processors that can be configured for payments and subscriptions: Available Payment Gateways Paypal Stripe Offline payment Coinbase PayU lyzico Paystack Razorpay Mollie Yookassa Crypto.com Paddle Classic Paddle Billing MercadoPago Midtrans Flutterwave Lemonsqueezy Myfatoorah Klarna Stripe Configuration (Example Setup) Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  IGo here for documentation regarding payment processor setup  https://altumco.de/66aix-docs#stripe Enable Stripe payments Function:  The master toggle to activate the Stripe payment gateway on your site. Publishable Key Function:  The key provided by Stripe to identify your account and handle client-side operations. Secret Key Function:  The private key used for secure server-side transactions and API calls. Webhook Secret Function:  The secret key used to verify that webhook events received by your site truly originate from Stripe. Currencies Function:  A list of currencies supported by this payment processor configuration. Usage:  Check the box next to each currency you wish to accept (e.g.,  USD ). Webhook URL Function:  The endpoint on your BirbShare installation that receives event notifications from Stripe. Note:  This URL ( https://birbshare.com/webhook-stripe ) must be configured in your Stripe dashboard to ensure subscription and payment updates are correctly processed. Settings - Affiliate Enable the affiliate system Function:  The master switch for the affiliate program if you have the affiliate plugin. Behavior:  When enabled, your users are able to earn commissions by referring other paying users to the platform. Commission type Function:  Defines how commission payments are calculated. Example:   Once - give out commission for the first payment of a referred user . Tracking type Function:  Defines the model used to attribute a conversion to an affiliate. Example:   First - track first referrer until the tracking duration expires . Tracking duration Function:  Sets the lifespan of the affiliate tracking cookie on the user's browser. Duration:  Measured in  days . Minimum withdrawal amount Function:  Sets the threshold a user must meet before they can request a payout. Usage:  Enter the minimum amount required in their balance, measured in USD. Withdrawal request notes Function:  Provides custom instructions to users during the withdrawal process. Usage:  Use this field to inform users of requirements, such as including their bank account or PayPal email in the request. Settings - Captcha Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  Read the full documentation for Captcha setup here  https://66aix.com/docs#captchas . Captcha provider Function:  Selects the security service used to verify that users are human. Options:  Available options include  Cloudflare Turnstile ,  Basic captcha (self-hosted) ,  Google ReCaptcha v2 checkbox , and  hCaptcha . Turnstile Site Key Function:  The public key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used to load the widget on the frontend. Turnstile Secret Key Function:  The private key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used for secure server-side validation. Enable captcha on the login page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to log in. Enable captcha on the register page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to create a new account. Enable captcha on the lost password page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a password reset link. Enable captcha on the resend activation page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a new account activation email. Enable captcha on the contact page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users submitting a message via the contact form. Settings - Social logins This section allows administrators to integrate third-party authentication providers, enabling users to register and log in quickly using their existing social media accounts, streamlining the sign-up process. Available Social Login Options Facebook login Google login X login Discord login LinkedIn login Microsoft login Configuration Requirement Credentials:  To successfully enable any social login option, you must obtain the required  Client ID  (or API Key) and  Client Secret  from the respective third-party developer console. Setup:  These unique credentials must then be entered into the specific configuration page for that provider (e.g., Facebook login settings) to properly link your platform with the external service. Settings - Ads Ad blocker detector Function:  Activates the system to check if a user is running an ad-blocking extension. Behavior:  When an ad blocker is detected, the user will see a modal asking them to disable the ad blocker. Lock user until ad blocker is disabled Function:  A strict measure to enforce ad viewing. Behavior:  If enabled, the user is prevented from accessing the platform until they disable the ad blocker. Delay until lock Function:  Sets a grace period before the lock takes effect. Duration:  Measured in  seconds . Informational Note Advertising Condition:  Ads will only show users that do not have a plan with the 'No ads' plan feature enabled. Content:  The fields below accept text, html or javascript. App header Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the header section of the application. App footer Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the footer section of the application. Settings - Cookie consent Enable cookie consent Function:  Activates the cookie consent banner system for the website. Note:  Cookie consent is implemented using the  orestbida/cookieconsent  library. If using custom JavaScript, check the library's documentation for compatibility. Enable logging Function:  Records user consent decisions. Behavior:  When enabled, the system logs all users and their selected cookie consent preferences into a downloadable CSV file. Strictly necessary cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies essential for core website functionality. Performance and Analytics cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for tracking site usage and performance measurement. Advertisement and Targeting cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for delivering targeted ads and marketing content. Layout type Function:  Defines the visual appearance and format of the cookie consent banner. Example:   Bar  (typically a banner fixed to the top or bottom of the screen). Position Y Function:  Controls the vertical placement of the consent banner. Example:   Middle . Position X Function:  Controls the horizontal placement of the consent banner. Example:   Center . Settings - Socials Footer socials This section allows you to configure links to your official social media profiles and contact channels, typically displayed in the website footer. Threads Function:  Input field for your Threads profile URL. YouTube Function:  Input field for your YouTube channel URL. Facebook Function:  Input field for your Facebook profile or page URL. X Function:  Input field for your X (formerly Twitter) profile URL. Instagram Function:  Input field for your Instagram profile URL. TikTok Function:  Input field for your TikTok profile URL. LinkedIn Function:  Input field for your LinkedIn profile or company page URL. WhatsApp Function:  Input field for your WhatsApp contact number. Email Function:  Input field for your public contact email address. Share buttons (14) This section controls the visibility of social sharing features on content pages (like blog posts or documents). The following toggles are listed sequentially, reading down the left column first, then down the right column: Facebook Function:  Toggle to enable the Facebook share button. X Function:  Toggle to enable the X (formerly Twitter) share button. LinkedIn Function:  Toggle to enable the LinkedIn share button. WhatsApp Function:  Toggle to enable the WhatsApp share button. Snapchat Function:  Toggle to enable the Snapchat share button. Email Function:  Toggle to enable the Email share button. Device Function:  Toggle to enable the native device share function. Threads Function:  Toggle to enable the Threads share button. Pinterest Function:  Toggle to enable the Pinterest share button. Reddit Function:  Toggle to enable the Reddit share button. Telegram Function:  Toggle to enable the Telegram share button. Microsoft Teams Function:  Toggle to enable the Microsoft Teams share button. Copy to clipboard Function:  Toggle to enable the \"Copy link\" share button. Print Function:  Toggle to enable the Print share button. Settings - SMTP (Email) This page configures the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) settings used by the platform to send all outgoing transactional and notification emails. From name Function:  The name of the sender that will be displayed to the receiver. From email Function:  The email address of the sender. Reply to name Function:  The name specified for the reply-to address. Reply to email Function:  The email address that the receiver will use if they reply to the message. CC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a copy (CC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. BCC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a blind copy (BCC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. Host Function:  The hostname of your SMTP server (e.g.,  mail.smtp2go.com ). Note:  If this field is left empty, the system will attempt to use the default PHP mail function. Encryption Function:  Selects the required connection encryption protocol (e.g.,  TLS  or SSL). Port Function:  The port number used to connect to the SMTP host (e.g.,  25 ,  465 , or  587 ). Authentication Function:  Toggle to enable or disable required authentication for the SMTP connection. Username Function:  The username for your SMTP server account. Password Function:  The password for your SMTP server account. Send test email Function:  A button to send a diagnostic email to ensure the configured SMTP settings are working correctly. Display socials Function:  Toggle to control the visibility of social media icons and links. Behavior:  When enabled, these links will be displayed in the footer of all sent emails. Company details Function:  Text area for legal and contact information. Usage:  Enter legal details such as Name, address, and ways to get in touch for display in email footers. Theme Function:  A section break or link related to configuring the visual theme of system emails. Settings - Theme This page allows for deep customization of the platform's visual appearance, including Light and Dark theme color schemes, font choices, and general styling. Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable theme customization settings. Primary color theme Function:  Defines the core palette of colors available for elements like buttons, accents, and links. Usage:  You can select a predefined color by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Red, Orange, Blue, or Indigo). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise primary color. Gray color theme Function:  Defines the grayscale palette used for backgrounds, borders, and secondary text. Usage:  You can select a predefined shade by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Slate, Gray, Zinc, Neutral, or Stone). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise shade. Other settings Function:  Header for non-color-related theme settings. Font family Function:  Controls the typeface used across the application. Usage:  You can select one of the many predefined font families (such as Arial, Georgia, Tahoma, or Courier) by clicking on the desired font tile. Alternatively, the  Custom  input field allows the administrator to define a specific, custom font family to be used. Font family Function:  Input field for manually entering the desired CSS font family name. Example:   Times New Roman . Border radius Function:  Sets the global CSS border radius for elements across the application (e.g.,  0.5rem ). Settings - Custom JS / CSS App custom JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code to run across the entire application. Usage:  Commonly used for tracking codes, chat scripts, and general application-wide scripts. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User welcome JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code that is executed only when a newly registered user logs in for the very first time. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User payment thank you JS Function:  A text area for custom JavaScript code that runs on the thank you page after a user has completed a successful payment. Available Dynamic Variables:  Includes user variables plus payment-specific variables:  {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} ,  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PROCESSOR}} ,  {{PAYMENT:FREQUENCY}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:CODE}} ,  {{PAYMENT:TYPE}} , and  {{PAYMENT:TOTAL_AMOUNT}} . App custom CSS Function:  A text area for adding custom CSS code to modify and enhance specific style elements of the website as needed. App body content Function:  A text area for inserting custom code (HTML or JS) right inside the  <body>  tag. Usage:  Especially useful for various forms of tracking or integrating services like Google Tag Manager. Here is the documentation for the  Settings - Custom images  page, listed in the exact sequence they appear in the interface, without numbering or grouping. Settings - Custom images The  Settings > Custom images  page allows you to replace the default illustrations and photography found on the BirbShare homepage (the \"Index\" page). Use this to align the landing page visuals with your own brand guidelines. The following fields control the vector graphics displayed in the \"Features\" section of your landing page. These are  .PNG  or  .SVG  files to ensure they look sharp at any screen size. index/domains.svg:  The illustration accompanying the \"Custom Domains\" feature section. index/expiration.svg:  The graphic used for the \"File Expiration & Limits\" section. index/notification_handlers.svg:  The visual for the \"Notifications\" or \"Alerts\" feature block. index/password_protection.svg:  The illustration representing security features (password-protected transfers). index/pixels.svg:  The graphic for the \"Tracking Pixels\" marketing feature. index/projects.svg:  The illustration for the \"Projects & Workspaces\" section. Design Tip:  For the best aesthetic result, ensure all uploaded SVGs share a consistent color palette and stroke width. Social Proof (Testimonials) These fields control the user avatars displayed in the \"Testimonials\" or \"Trusted By\" section of the homepage. index/testimonial-one.webp index/testimonial-two.webp index/testimonial-three.webp Recommendation:  Use high-quality headshots of real people or client logos here.  .WebP  or  .JPG  formats are recommended for these photos to keep file sizes low. File Requirements & Management Supported Formats:  You can upload  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp , and  .avif . Maximum Size:  The system accepts files up to  512 MB , though web graphics should ideally be kept under 500KB for fast page load times. Preview:  The small thumbnail on the right shows the currently active image. External Link:  Click the  icon with the arrow  (top right of each field) to open the current image in a new tab. Restoring Defaults If you wish to revert a specific image back to the original \"BirbShare\" default: Check the box labeled  Delete uploaded file  under the specific image field. Click  Update  at the bottom of the page. The system will automatically restore the default asset. Settings - Announcements This section allows administrators to create and customize global announcement banners for different segments of the audience. Target Audience Options:  You can choose to target  Guests  (non-logged-in visitors) or  Users  (logged-in members). Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the announcement banner for the selected target audience. Announcement content Function:  Text area for the content of the announcement. Format:  This field accepts standard text, HTML, or JavaScript. Dynamic Variables:  You can use the dynamic variable  {{WEBSITE_TITLE}} . SpinTax Support:  SpinTax format is supported (e.g.,  {!Hi|Hey|Hello}  to randomize words or phrases). Text color Function:  Sets the color of the text within the announcement banner. Background color Function:  Sets the background color of the announcement banner. Settings - Internal notifications This section controls the in-app notification system and specifies which events should trigger a notification for both users and administrators. Enable notifications system for users Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system for end-users. Enable notifications system for admins (admin panel) Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system within the administration panel. New user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user registers. Deleted user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a user account is deleted. New newsletter subscriber Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user subscribes to the newsletter. New payment Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new payment is successfully processed. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new affiliate withdrawal request is initiated. Settings - Email notifications This section configures which administrative email addresses should receive notifications for specific events occurring on the platform. Emails to be notified Function:  A text area for inputting the email addresses that will receive notifications. Usage:  Add valid email addresses separated by a comma. These emails will receive a notification when any of the enabled actions below are performed. New user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new user registers to the website. Delete user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when any user deletes their account. New payment Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new payment is successfully processed. New custom domain Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new custom domain is pending approval. Contact page emails Function:  Toggle to enable the contact system, ensuring emails from the contact page are received by the specified addresses. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new affiliate withdrawal request is submitted. Settings - Push notifications This section manages the setup and behavior of browser-based push notifications, which are initiated by users subscribing through a dedicated button or link.  Note: Enabling this system typically requires the Push Notifications plugin. Enable the Push Notifications system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the entire push notification system. Accept guests as subscribers Function:  Toggle to accept subscriptions to push notifications from users who are not registered or logged into an account. Ask user to subscribe modal Function:  Toggle to enable a modal pop-up that asks the user to subscribe. Note:  The modal will appear if the user has not been asked already, or it can be manually triggered via a footer link. Delay until modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the time delay (in seconds) before the subscription modal appears. Minimum session pageviews count before modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the minimum number of pageviews a user must have during a session before the subscription modal is displayed. Icon Function:  File upload field for the icon that will be displayed with the push notifications. File Requirements:   .jpg ,  .jpeg , and  .png  files are allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Cron settings Function:  A link or section break related to the configuration of cron jobs necessary for sending scheduled push notifications. Settings - Webhooks The  Settings > Webhooks  page allows you to integrate BirbShare with external applications (such as Slack, Discord, Zapier, Make.com, or custom CRM systems). By configuring webhooks, you can automate workflows by having BirbShare send data to a specific URL whenever a system event occurs. Global Behavior Before configuring specific events, define how the system handles the connection to your external listeners. Wait for webhook response - domains: Default Behavior:  By default, BirbShare operates in \"fire-and-forget\" mode. It sends the data and immediately moves on without checking if the receiving server got it. Synchronous Mode:  If you are using automation platforms like  Make.com  or  n8n  that require the connection to stay open until a full response is read, enter their domains here (comma-separated). This ensures the data payload is fully processed before the connection closes. Event Triggers You can trigger specific webhook actions for different parts of the user lifecycle. For each event, simply paste the  Destination URL  (provided by your external service) into the input field. User Management Events New users event:  Triggered when a user successfully registers. Payload includes:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  source ,  is_newsletter_subscribed ,  datetime . Users update event:  Triggered when a user modifies their profile details. User deletion event:  Triggered when an account is permanently removed. Financial & Growth Events New payment event:  Triggered upon a successful transaction. Essential for syncing data with accounting software (e.g., QuickBooks, Xero). Payload includes:   payment_total_amount ,  payment_currency ,  payment_processor  (e.g., Stripe),  plan_id , and transaction IDs. Code redeemed event:  Triggered when a user successfully applies a promo code or gift card. Payload includes:   code_name ,  redeemed_days ,  plan_id . System & Infrastructure Events Contact form:  Triggered when a visitor submits a ticket via the \"Contact Us\" page. useful for routing support queries directly to a helpdesk (e.g., Zendesk, Freshdesk). Cron job start / end:  Triggered when scheduled system maintenance tasks begin or finish. Useful for monitoring system health and uptime. New / Updated user domain event:  Triggered when a user attaches or modifies a custom domain on their account. Technical Implementation Notes All webhooks are sent as  HTTP POST  requests. The data is sent in the request body as form data (Key-Value pairs). Payload Keys:  The blue tags listed under each input field in the dashboard (e.g.,  user_id ,  email ) represent the specific keys that will be present in the POST request. Security:  Ensure your receiving endpoint is secure (HTTPS). It is recommended to validate the incoming data on your end to ensure it originates from your BirbShare installation. Common Use Cases New User -> Slack:  Send a message to your team's  #general  channel every time a new user signs up. New Payment -> Email:  Trigger a custom \"Thank You\" email via an external marketing tool when a payment is confirmed. Contact Form -> Trello:  Automatically create a new card on a \"Support\" Trello board when a contact form is submitted. Settings - Offload & CDN This section contains settings for optimizing asset delivery and reducing server load by utilizing external storage and content delivery networks. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Offload assets & user content' plugin to use this feature. Offload Function:  A link or section to configure offloading static content (e.g., user-uploaded images, large files) to a cloud storage service. CDN Function:  A link or section to configure a Content Delivery Network for faster, global delivery of website assets. Settings - PWA This section is used to enable and configure the Progressive Web App (PWA) functionality for the website. Note: You must own, install & activate the 'PWA system' plugin to use this feature. Enable the PWA system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Progressive Web App feature. Display install helper bar in the footer Function:  Toggle to show a bar in the footer that assists users with installing the PWA. Display install bar for guests Function:  Toggle to display the PWA install bar even for non-logged-in users. Delay until bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the time delay, in seconds, before the install helper bar is displayed. Minimum session pageviews count before bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the minimum number of pageviews a user must complete during a session before the install bar is displayed. App name Function:  Input field for the full name of your PWA, which will be shown on the phone home screen or desktop. App short name Function:  Input field for the optional short name of your PWA, which is displayed when there is not enough room for the full name. App short description Function:  Input field for an optional short description of the PWA, shown in some devices during and after installation. App start URL Function:  Input field for the internal page that should load when the PWA app is opened. Note:  UTM tracking parameters ( utm_source=pwa&utm_medium=app&utm_campaign=install-or-pwa-launch ) are automatically added. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color used on the splash screen and while the app is loading. Theme color Function:  Color input field for the browser UI color that matches your app's theme. App icon Function:  File upload field for the main PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. App icon maskable Function:  File upload field for a maskable PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Mobile screenshots Function:  A section for uploading mobile screenshots of the PWA. Desktop screenshots Function:  A section for uploading desktop screenshots of the PWA. Shortcuts Function:  A section for configuring quick access shortcuts within the PWA. Settings - Image optimizer This section manages the system for automatically optimizing images uploaded to the platform. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Image optimizer' plugin to use this feature. Enable the image optimizer system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the image optimization feature. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track all image optimization logs. Note:  Logs can be inspected via the admin panel. Optimization provider Function:  Dropdown to select the image optimization service. Note:  The default  Local  provider performs basic optimization and only works for JPG files. Optimization quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality after the optimization. Recommendation:  Use ∼75% to get a good optimization result while maintaining quality at a good rate. Settings - Dynamic OG Img. This section manages the system that automatically generates Open Graph (OG) images dynamically for social media sharing. Note: You must own, install & activate the Dynamic OG Images plugin to use this feature. Enable the dynamic OG images generator system Function:  Master toggle to activate the dynamic OG images generator. Service IP Whitelisting:  The dynamic OG image system sends requests to your server from an external IP for processing. You must ensure your server does not block incoming requests from the IP used by the dynamic image generation service: 178.158.142.190. API Key Function:  Input field for the API key of an admin account of the website. Imagery Pro API key Function:  Input field for the license key from an active AltumCode Club subscription. Usage:  Subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Image quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality for the generated OG image. Recommendation:  Use ∼90% for a crisp but still small and optimized image in modern WEBP format. Title Function:  Text input for the branded title of your site to be displayed on the OG image. Note:  Leave empty to disable this title branding. Title color Function:  Color input field for the text color of the branded title. Logo Function:  File upload field for the logo to be displayed on the OG image. File Requirements:  Low file size SVG or WEBP is highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background image Function:  File upload field for the image used as the background of the OG image. Recommendation:  Background image should be a wider image, preferably 1200×630 pixels. Low file size SVG or WEBP highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color. Screenshot image size border radius Function:  Input field (in pixels) to set the roundness of the dynamic screenshot borders inside the OG image. Refresh interval Function:  Input field (in days) to set how often the dynamic OG image should be refreshed. Preview Function:  Displays an approximate preview with a sample screenshot image. Settings - Email shield This section configures the system designed to validate email addresses and shield the platform from invalid or temporary email registrations. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Email Shield' plugin to use this feature. Enable the email shield system Function:  Master toggle to activate the email shield system. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track how many valid and invalid email domain results the site receives on a daily basis. Email Shield API key Function:  Input field for the API key required for the service. Usage:  The key is a license key from your active AltumCode Club subscription; subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Whitelisted domains Function:  Text area for domains you wish to always allow, even if the system might otherwise block them. Usage:  Enter comma separated values of domains (e.g.,  domain.com, domain2.com ...etc ). Here is the revised documentation for the  Settings - SSO (Single Sign On)  page, incorporating the detailed instructions for adding websites. Settings - SSO This section manages the configuration of the Single Sign-On system, which allows users to seamlessly switch between connected installations of AltumCode software. Enable the SSO (Single Sign On) system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Single Sign-On system. Display switch links in the menu Function:  Toggle to control whether links for connected websites are automatically displayed to users in the menu. Note:  If disabled, custom redirection links can be created and added from the  Pages  section using a URL structure like  https://birbshare.com/sso/switch?to={website_id}&redirect={page} . Variable Explanations: {website_id} : Should be replaced with the website ID entered in the section below. {page} : Can be a page from that particular website (e.g.,  dashboard ). Websites Function:  This section lists and manages the other AltumCode software installations connected via the SSO system. Context:  With Single Sign-On, you can connect the main Birb services, such as BirbAI, BirbShare, BirbMetrics, and BirbSEO. Action:  The  + Create  button is used to add additional websites to the Single Sign-On system. When adding a new website (by clicking  + Create ), the following details are required: ID:  Simple identification name for the website. Name:  The display name of the website. URL:  The base URL of the another AltumCode software installation (e.g.,  https://birbshare.com/ ). API Key:  The API key of an admin account of the website. To retrieve the required Admin API key for the added website, log in as admin on that service. On the Admin dashboard, you will find the  API docs  link in the left-side navigation; go there to get your key. Icon:  FontAwesome icon class (e.g.,  fas fa-bolt ). Settings - Cron This section displays the required cron job commands for the proper functioning of various scheduled tasks on the platform. The commands are typically set up on the server's cron manager. Essential cron job Function:  The required command for the core essential tasks of the platform. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/reset?key= .... Note: The full security key is displayed in the admin area, but it has been redacted in this document image for safety reasons. Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Broadcasts cron job Function:  The required command for running scheduled broadcasts. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/broadcasts?key= .... Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Push notifications plugin cron job Function:  The required command for running the scheduled tasks of the Push Notifications plugin. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/push_notifications?key= .... Status:  Last executed: N/A. Settings - Health This section shows you the health status of all the server requirements. The green checkmarks mean everything is in order and enabled. PHP Version Requirement:  8.3−8.4. Status:  8.3.27. OpenSSL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. mbstring Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. GD Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. MySQLi Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. cURL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. INTL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. set_time_limit() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. iconv() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. get_headers() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. mime_content_type() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. allow_url_fopen Requirement:  INI Configuration. Status:  Enabled. Settings - Cache This section provides information about the system's local file caching, which stores and retrieves frequently accessed data for better performance. Cache is enabled Function:  Displays the current status of the cache. Status:  The software's caching is currently enabled. Note:  Caching can be enabled or disabled from the  index.php  file of the product. Current cache size Function:  Displays the total size of the cache on the server, measured in MB. Value:  0.092207 MB. Clear cache Function:  Button to purge all stored cache files. Settings - License This section displays your current software license details and allows you to update the license key. License Function:  Displays the active license key obtained from purchasing the product. License type Function:  Displays the type of license currently applied to the website. Value Example:   extended . New license Function:  Input field used to change the website license to a new one. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current license. Settings - Support This section manages the licensing and status of your product support, which is typically tied to your purchase of the software. Support key Function:  The input field that holds your currently active support key. Status Function:  Displays the current validity and expiration status of your support key. Extend your support Function:  An action button to navigate to a page where you can purchase an extension of your support period. New support key Function:  Input field used to change the current support key. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current support key."
    },
    "/docs/documentation/birbseo-admin-guide/": {
        "title": "BirbSEO Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbSEO Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview The  BirbSEO Admin Dashboard  provides a centralized view of your SEO platform's performance. It allows you to monitor report generation, tool usage, and revenue streams in real-time. Quick-View Metrics (Top Row) The top section contains key performance indicators (KPIs) specific to SEO auditing and tool usage. Websites:  The total number of external websites currently being tracked or analyzed by your users. Audits:  The number of active or recent SEO reports generated in the current month. A high number here indicates high user engagement with your core product. Archived Audits:  Historical reports saved in the system (e.g.,  78 ). Tools Views:  Measures traffic to your specific free SEO tools (e.g., Keyword Density Checker, SERP Simulator) if you have them enabled publicly. Tools Submissions:  Tracks how many times users have actually clicked \"Submit\" or \"Analyze\" on your free tools. Users:  Total registered account count for the current period. Payments & Earned:  Financial metrics displaying the number of transactions and total revenue (USD) collected this month. Latest Users A live feed of new registrations. User & Status:  Shows the user's identity and whether their account is  Active  (verified) or requires attention. Plan:  Indicates if the user is on a default plan or a  Custom  tier. Details:  Icons representing the user's device, operating system, and geolocation (country flag). Navigation Sidebar Reference The sidebar allows you to manage the SEO reports, user subscriptions, and system configurations. General Management Admin dashboard:  The central hub of the panel. Displays the \"Mission Control\" view with high-level metrics, active user counts, and revenue snapshots. Users:  The master list of all registered accounts. Use this to search for members, edit profiles, assign permissions, or suspend access. Settings:  Global configuration for the site, including branding, SEO defaults, and system-wide preferences. Plans:  Manage subscription tiers. Define limits for \"Audits per month\" or \"Tools usage\" for Free vs. Premium users. Languages:  Localization settings. Add new languages or translate specific interface strings for international users. System Tools & Analytics Broadcasts:  A mass-communication tool. Use this to send platform-wide announcements or marketing emails to your user base. Users notifications:  Configure the specific alerts users receive inside their dashboard (e.g., \"Audit Complete\" or \"Payment Failed\"). Plugins:  The extension manager. Install and configure third-party add-ons to expand functionality without altering core code. Statistics:  Visual analytics regarding server performance, visitor geography, and growth trends over time. Content & Developers Resources:   (Dropdown)  A built-in content management system. Use this to group content into  Categories  and create standalone  Pages  to expand your site’s informational content. Blog:   (Dropdown)  A built-in CMS to publish articles, updates, and guides to your public-facing blog pages. API docs:  This is the documentation for the available API endpoints, only for the admins, which are built around the REST architecture. All the API endpoints will return a JSON response with the standard HTTP response codes and need a Bearer Authentication via an API Key. Developer API, useful for users looking to integrate your SEO data into their own tools. Finance Codes:  Manage promotional strategies. Create discount coupons for paid plans. Taxes:  Configure regional tax rates (VAT/GST) to ensure compliance for payments processed in specific countries. Payments:  The financial ledger. View a chronological history of all incoming transactions, download invoices, and all transaction details. SEO Operations Audits:  The master log of all SEO reports generated by the system. Allows admins to review report status or delete specific entries. Archived audits:  Access older reports that have been moved to long-term storage to save database resources. Websites:  A list of all external domains currently being tracked or analyzed by your users. Technical & Security Domains:  Manage custom domain settings. This controls the \"White Label\" feature, allowing users to host reports on their own URLs (e.g.,  audit.agency.com ). Notif. handlers:  Configure email delivery drivers (SMTP, Mailgun, SendGrid) to ensure system emails avoid the spam folder. Users logs:  A security audit trail showing user login times, IP addresses, and device info to help detect suspicious activity. Settings - Main The  Settings > Main  page allows you to configure the core identity of your site, including branding assets, default user preferences, and system-wide visual themes. Site Identity & Branding These fields control how your site appears to users and how it looks when shared on social media. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g.,  BirbShare ). This appears in the browser tab and is used in system emails. Logo for light theme:  Upload the version of your logo optimized for light backgrounds. Logo for dark theme:  Upload the version of your logo optimized for dark backgrounds (usually with lighter text/icons). Logo for sent emails:  A specific logo file used in transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets, etc.). This ensures your branding looks correct in email clients. Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the site title. Opengraph Image:  The \"preview card\" image that appears automatically when someone shares a link to your site on platforms like Facebook, Twitter/X, or Discord. Format Note:  Most image fields accept  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp , and  .avif . The maximum file size is  512 MB . Regional & System Defaults These settings determine the default experience for new visitors and unauthenticated users. Default timezone:  Sets the server baseline time (e.g.,  UTC ). This is the default for new users until they customize it in their own profile settings. Default theme style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode by default for new visitors. Default language:  Sets the primary language for the site interface (e.g.,  english - en ). Default results per page:  Controls the density of data tables across the admin and user panels (e.g.,  100  items per page). Default results order:  Determines if lists (like files or users) are sorted by  Ascending  (Oldest first) or  Descending  (Newest first) by default. App-wide Settings The  App-wide Settings  section controls the foundational behavior, navigation logic, and global feature availability of your BirbSEO installation. These toggles allow you to enable or disable core system functionalities without needing to touch code. Enable spotlight system for admins  Enables the global command palette for administrators. When active, admins can press  CMD + K  (Mac) or  CTRL + K  (Windows) to open a search modal and quickly navigate to different pages. Enable spotlight system for users  Enables the global command palette for regular users. This allows them to quickly search for features or navigate their account using  CMD/CTRL + K . Enable white labeling system  Unlocks the ability for specific users (usually on high-tier plans) to customize the account branding. This allows them to replace the default logo, footer, and page titles with their own brand identity. Enable theme style selector  Adds a toggle button in the website footer, allowing users to manually switch between Light and Dark visual themes. Enable automatic language detection  When a visitor arrives, the system will detect their browser's preferred language. If that language is supported by your site, they will be automatically redirected to the localized version. Enable users API system  Allows users to generate and manage their own API keys. Enable this if you want to let developers build third-party applications or integrations using your platform. Track email views & clicks for Broadcasts  Adds tracking pixels to system emails to measure open rates and link clicks. Note:  Enabling this increases the load on your server and requires more database storage. Enable breadcrumbs  Displays a navigation trail at the top of pages (e.g.,  Home > Dashboard > Settings ). This helps users understand where they are within the application structure. Display pagination regardless of page count Enabled:  The pagination controls are always visible, even if there is only one page of results. Disabled:  Pagination controls are hidden unless there are at least two pages of content. Allow search engines indexing  Controls whether public pages of your site are visible to search engines like Google or Bing. On:  Your  robots.txt  file will allow indexing. Off:  Search engines will be instructed to ignore your site (useful for private or development environments). Allow AI scraping  Controls whether AI data bots (like OpenAI, Google Gemini, or Bing) are allowed to scrape your public content for model training. Force HTTPS  Forces all site traffic to use the secure  https://  protocol. Warning:  Only enable this  after  you have confirmed that the  SITE_URL  value in your  config.php  file starts with  https:// . Enabling this prematurely can lock you out of the site. Iframe embedding allowed domains  Controls security settings for embedding your site elsewhere. all : Allows your site to be embedded in an iframe on any domain. none : Completely disables iframe embedding (recommended for security). Specific URLs : Enter comma-separated domains to allow embedding only on trusted sites. Title separator  Defines the symbol used in the browser tab title to separate the page name from the website name (e.g., enter  -  for titles like \"Dashboard - BirbSEO\"). Index Settings This page allows you to customize the content blocks displayed on your default landing page and optionally redirect the root domain to a completely custom external site. Content Toggles Use the toggles below to control which informational blocks are visible to visitors on the index (home) page. Display plans on the index page On:  Shows the pricing table and plan features section on the landing page. Off:  Hides the pricing details from the homepage. Display testimonials on the index page On:  Displays a section featuring user reviews and social proof. Off:  Hides the testimonials block. Display FAQ on the index page On:  Shows the Frequently Asked Questions section. Off:  Hides the FAQ block. Display latest blog posts on the index page On:  Displays a widget showing a preview of recent articles from your Blog. Off:  Hides the blog preview widget. Custom Index Page Configuration Custom index page URL  This field allows you to completely bypass the default BirbAI landing page and redirect all root traffic to an external URL (e.g., a page hosted on WordPress or a separate marketing site). To Enable:  Enter the full URL of the custom landing page (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ). This will disable the original landing page and redirect all incoming requests. To Disable:  Leave the field empty. The system will then revert to displaying the original BirbAI landing page and the content blocks enabled above. Maintenance Settings Use these settings to enable the application-wide  Maintenance Mode  and customize the message presented to users while the site is down for updates, bug fixes, or new feature rollouts. Maintenance Mode Activation Enable maintenance mode Function:  This is the master switch for taking the site offline. Behavior:  When enabled, all users (non-Admins) attempting to access any page will be redirected to the custom maintenance screen. Exceptions:  Access is preserved for essential administrative and recovery functions: the  Login  page,  Lost Password  page, and  Reset Password  pages remain accessible. Admins can log in and view the site normally. Maintenance Page Customization Customize the content and action link displayed on the maintenance screen. Maintenance title  The main heading displayed prominently on the maintenance page (e.g.,  BirbShare ). Maintenance description  The body text that informs your users about the reason for the downtime (e.g., \"BirbShare is currently undergoing maintenance. We are updating the software and integrating the latest APIs.\"). Action button text  The text displayed on the call-to-action button (e.g.,  Visit Birb.com ). Action button URL  The destination link for the action button. This is typically used to direct users to a status page, a marketing site, or a social media channel for updates (e.g.,  https://birb.com ). Other Settings This section manages miscellaneous core system variables, including legal obligations, system performance caching, and the configuration for administrative AI services. Other Settings Reference Custom 404 page URL Function:  Disables the default \"Page Not Found\" error page. Usage:  Enter a full URL (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ) to redirect users hitting a broken link to a custom error page. Leave the field empty to revert to the system's default 404 page. Terms and Conditions URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Terms and Conditions. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Privacy Policy URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Privacy Policy. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Preview chart cache Sets the duration (in  hours ) for which analytical chart data is cached. Lowering this value provides more real-time data but increases server load. Preview chart time frame Defines the maximum time period (in  days ) that the dashboard and statistics charts cover. Data older than this limit will not be included in the default chart visualization. Account avatar size limit Sets the maximum file size (in  MB ) allowed for user avatar uploads. Note:  This limit cannot be set higher than the maximum upload size configured on your actual server. OpenAI API key Enter a valid OpenAI API key here. Usage:  This key is specifically used for the  automatic translation  functionality found within the admin panel language packs and system assets. OpenAI model Select the specific OpenAI model to be used for the internal admin translation feature (e.g.,  gpt-5 ). Sitemap Sitemap URL:  This read-only field displays the link to your generated sitemap (e.g.,  https://birbshare.com/sitemap ). Submit this URL to search engines (like Google Search Console) to improve your SEO indexing. Saving Your Changes After making any modifications, you must click the blue  Update  button at the very bottom of the page to apply them. Settings - Users This section manages all user-related system settings, including  new user registration ,  login and social login behavior ,  email confirmation ,  cookie timeframes , and provides access to  Cleanup  and  Anti spam measures  sub-sections. Enable new users registration Function:  Controls user access to the platform. Behavior:  Allows people to register on your platform. Disabling this toggle completely removes the registration page, making the platform invite-only or admin-only. Exclusive login/registration with Social logins Function:  Restricts the available login methods. Behavior:  When enabled, users can only register or log in using third-party social providers (e.g., Google, Facebook). Standard email/password registration is disabled. Social logins require password Function:  Enhances account security for social sign-ups. Behavior:  When enabled, users who first register via a social login will be required to set an account password. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on registration page Function:  Adds a marketing opt-in during account creation. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox on the primary registration page. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on account settings page Function:  Provides a persistent opt-in/opt-out option. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox within the user's personal account settings page. Auto-check \"Remember me\" on login page Function:  Controls the default state of the login session persistence checkbox. Behavior:  When enabled, the \"Remember me\" checkbox on the login page will be checked by default. \"Remember me\" cookie time frame Function:  Sets the duration for session persistence. Behavior:  Defines how long (in  days ) the user's login session remains active when the \"Remember me\" box is checked.  Default is 90 days. Enable usage of email aliases Function:  Allows for flexible email management. Behavior:  Permits people to register or use email aliases (e.g.,  hello+admin@example.com  or  user+alias@email.com ). Email confirmation Function:  Controls account security and verification upon sign-up. Behavior:  When enabled, an email confirmation link is sent when a user registers or changes their email address. The account remains unconfirmed until the link is clicked. Welcome email Function:  Controls introductory communication. Behavior:  Sends out a welcome email automatically when a new user successfully completes registration. Cleanup Settings This page manages automated maintenance routines and user deletion policies based on inactivity and confirmation status, helping you keep your user database lean and secure. Auto delete unconfirmed users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that failed to confirm their email address. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  an unconfirmed account will exist before being automatically deleted. Note:  Since these users are unconfirmed, no deletion reminders will be sent to them. Set the value to  0  to permanently disable this feature. Auto delete inactive users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that have been inactive for a specified period. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  a user can be inactive before their account is deleted. Restriction:  This feature is  only valid for Free users . Paid subscribers are not subject to auto-deletion for inactivity. Set the value to  0  to disable this feature. User deletion reminder Function:  Sends a warning email to users scheduled for deletion due to inactivity. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the deletion date that the user should receive the reminder email. Note:  Set the value to  0  to disable this reminder system. Anti spam measures This page allows administrators to configure various security and throttling mechanisms to prevent automated bot activity,fraudulent signups, and brute-force attacks. Blacklisted domains Function:  Prevents registration and login attempts from specific email domains. Usage:  Enter domain names (e.g.,  spamdomain.com, tempmail.co ) separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their email address is associated with any domain in this list. Blacklisted IPs Function:  Blocks access based on the user's IP address. Usage:  Enter IP addresses separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their IP address is included in this list. Select blacklisted countries Function:  Restricts access based on geographical location. Usage:  Select countries from the list that you wish to block. Users will be unable to register or log in from any of the selected countries. Detection is based on the user's IP address. Login lockout is enabled Function:  Activates brute-force protection for the login page. Behavior:  When enabled, login attempts are throttled after repeated failures. Max login retries Function:  Defines the number of failed login attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Password reset lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for the password reset functionality. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can attempt to reset their password within a given timeframe. Max reset retries Function:  Defines the number of failed password reset attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max reset retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Resend activation lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for resending account activation emails. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can request a new activation email. Max resend retries Function:  Defines the number of resend requests allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max resend retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Register lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection to prevent spam registrations. Behavior:  Limits the number of registrations allowed from a single IP address or network within a set period. Max registrations Function:  Defines the maximum number of successful registrations allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 registrations. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP is blocked from registering after reaching the max registrations limit. Unit:  Days. Settings - Content This section controls the configuration and visibility of the platform's native blog system. Enable blog system Function:  The master switch for the blogging feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the blog area becomes accessible on the frontend and the Blog section appears in the Admin Sidebar. Enable blog share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to individual blog posts. Behavior:  Allows users to easily share articles on various social media platforms. Enable blog search widget Function:  Adds a dedicated search bar widget to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Allows visitors to search for specific content within the blog. Enable blog categories widget Function:  Adds a navigation widget listing post categories to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Helps users filter posts by topic. Enable blog popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget listing the most-viewed articles. Behavior:  Promotes high-engagement content on the blog sidebar. Enable blog views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of post view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each article is shown publicly. Enable blog ratings system Function:  Activates user feedback mechanisms. Behavior:  Allows logged-in users to rate or like blog posts. Blog system columns Function:  Defines the layout structure of the blog post listing page. Usage:  Select the number of columns (e.g., 1, 2, 3) to arrange blog post previews. Resources This section controls the configuration and visibility of the Resources or static Pages system (often used for Help/About pages). Enable resources (pages) system Function:  The master switch for the static Pages feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the Resources section becomes functional and manageable via the Admin Sidebar. Enable pages share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to static resources/pages. Behavior:  Allows visitors to share help articles or static pages on social media. Enable pages popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget to the resources sidebar listing the most frequently viewed pages. Behavior:  Promotes high-traffic resources. Enable pages views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of page view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each static page is shown publicly. Settings - Audits The  Settings > Audits  page controls the technical parameters of your SEO crawler. These settings determine how the system interacts with external websites, which specific tests are performed during an analysis, and how AI features are integrated. Request Behavior (Requests) These settings define how your crawler identifies itself and connects to target websites. Available encodings:  Defines the compression methods the bot accepts (e.g.,  gzip, deflate ). Keeping this standard ensures compatibility with most web servers. Custom user agent:  The name string your bot presents to servers (e.g.,  BirbSEO 1.0.0 ). Tip:  If you notice many audits failing because servers are blocking your bot, try changing this to a standard browser User-Agent string (though some servers may consider this \"spoofing\"). Request timeout:  The maximum time (in seconds) the bot will wait for a webpage to respond before marking the audit as failed. Double check 404/500 references:  If enabled, the system will retry broken links (404) or server errors (500) a second time to ensure the error is genuine and not a temporary network blip. Double check timeout:  The wait time for the retry attempt. Blacklisted domains:  A comma-separated list of domains users are forbidden from auditing (e.g.,  google.com, facebook.com ). Use this to prevent abuse or blocking of your server IP by major tech giants. Report White-Labeling (Domains) Enable the Custom Domain system:  Allows users to host their SEO reports on their own domain (e.g.,  seo.client-site.com ) instead of your main URL. IP of your server:  The specific IP address users must point their DNS A-Records to when setting up a custom domain. Analysis Logic & Tests (Audits) This section controls the specific content the crawler looks for. Excluded words:  A list of \"stop words\" (like  a, the, is, of, in ) that are ignored during Keyword Density analysis. This ensures the \"Top Used Words\" report focuses on meaningful content keywords. Available tests:  A checklist of 40+ specific SEO checks. You can toggle specific tests  On  or  Off  globally. Examples:  Title Tag, Meta Description, H1 headers, SSL Validity, Page Speed, Broken Links, etc. Usage:  If a specific test is causing performance issues or isn't relevant to your niche, uncheck it here to remove it from all future reports. Example mobile view URL:  The URL used to render the \"Mobile Preview\" iframe in the report (unless the specific site overrides it). Google Safe Browsing API Key:  Enter your Google API key here to enable malware and phishing checks as part of the audit. AI Integration (AI) Enhance your reports with generative AI analysis. Enable the AI audits system:  If enabled, the system will use OpenAI to generate a human-readable summary or \"Executive Overview\" of the SEO score at the top of the report. OpenAI API Key:  Your private API secret starting with  sk-... . OpenAI Model:  Select the intelligence level (e.g.,  gpt-4 ,  gpt-3.5-turbo ). Cost Note:  Using stronger models (like GPT-4) provides better insights but costs more per audit. Cron & Performance Settings (Cron settings) Audits refreshed per cron run:  Determines how many background audits are processed in a single batch (default:  10 ). Warning:  Increasing this number significantly speeds up queue processing but spikes CPU and RAM usage. Only modify this if you are confident your server infrastructure can handle the load. Saving Changes After configuring the crawler, scroll to the bottom and click the blue  Update  button to apply the new rules. Settings - Notification handlers The  Settings > Notification handlers  page is the central hub for managing the delivery channels of your platform's alerts. You can enable multiple providers simultaneously to ensure users receive updates (such as \"Audit Complete\" or \"File Downloaded\") on their preferred platforms. Supported Channels Toggle the switches to  Enable  or  Disable  specific notification methods globally. Standard & Internal Enable Email notifications:  The primary method for most platforms. Ensures transactional emails (welcome messages, password resets) are sent. Enable Internal notification:  Toggles the alerts that appear inside the dashboard (usually represented by the  Bell icon  in the top navigation bar). Chat & Team Collaboration Connect BirbShare/BirbSEO to popular workspace tools. This is ideal for teams who want real-time updates in their daily workflow. Enable Slack / Discord / Microsoft Teams / Google Chat notifications:  When enabled, the system can push updates to specific channels or webhooks within these applications. Enable Telegram notifications:  Allows integration with Telegram bots for mobile-first alerts. Social & Developer Enable Webhook notifications:  Allows developers to pipe notification data to custom endpoints or automation tools (like Zapier). Enable X tweet notifications:  (Experimental) Integration with X (formerly Twitter) to post automated updates. Mobile & Telephony Enable SMS / Phone call notifications:  Sends text messages or automated voice calls for critical alerts. (Requires Twilio configuration). Enable WhatsApp notifications:  Sends alerts via the WhatsApp Business API. Provider Configuration If you enable telephony or WhatsApp notifications, you must provide API credentials from the respective service providers. SMS & Phone Call (Twilio) To use SMS or Voice features, you must have an active account with  Twilio . Twilio account SID:  Your unique account identifier found in the Twilio Console. Twilio account token:  The authentication secret key associated with your SID. Twilio phone number:  The specific phone number purchased from Twilio that will appear as the \"Sender\" on users' phones (e.g.,  +15550101234 ). WhatsApp To use WhatsApp integration, you must configure a Meta (Facebook) Developer App with the WhatsApp Business API. Whatsapp phone number ID:  The unique ID assigned to your business phone number in the Meta Dashboard. Whatsapp access token:  The system user token that authorizes your application to send messages on behalf of your business. Saving Changes After toggling your desired channels or entering API keys, click the blue  Update  button at the bottom of the page to save your configuration. Settings - Tools The  Settings > Tools  page is used to configure your available utility tools (e.g., SEO checkers, minifiers). These tools are often provided to drive public traffic, generate leads, and serve as valuable assets for registered users. Core System Access These controls determine whether the system is active and who is permitted to access the tools. Enable tools system:  The master switch to activate or deactivate all public utility tools across the website. Who gets access:  Select the required authentication level for tool usage (e.g.,  Guests & users  or  Users only ). Tool widget style:  Select the layout for displaying the tools list (e.g.,  Munich (3 per row) ). Display and Engagement Features These toggles control additional display features that help with user engagement, social proof, and promotion: Enable extra text content block:  Displays an additional field for descriptive text or advertisements above the tool list. Enable share buttons:  Adds social media sharing links to encourage users to promote the tools. Enable popular tools widget:  Shows a sidebar or section featuring the most-used tools on the platform. Enable similar tools widget:  Displays a suggestion box for related tools on the current tool's page. Enable views count to be displayed:  Shows the public view count, adding social proof and transparency. Enable submissions count to be displayed:  Shows how many times the tool has been actively used/submitted. Enable last submissions widget:  Displays a widget showing recent user activity (e.g., \"User X checked their IP 5 minutes ago\"). Enable tool ratings:  Allows users to submit a star rating, providing feedback on the tool quality. Available Utility Tools This checklist determines which of the 32 utility tools are active on your website. Uncheck any tools that you do not wish to offer. Networking & System Lookup DNS Lookup SSL Lookup IP Lookup Whois Lookup Ping Website hosting checker Reverse IP lookup Server signature checker Performance & Validation TTFB checker  (Time to First Byte) Website page size checker HTTP headers lookup HTTP/2 Checker Brotli Checker Server compression  (Implied by  TTFB checker  and  HTTP headers lookup ) Lazy loading images checker SEO & Content Analysis Meta tags checker Google caches checker Text to HTML ratio checker Image alt tags checker HSTS checker Favicon checker OpenGraph checker Website text extractor Noindex checker Deprecated HTML tags checker URL redirect checker Safe URL checker Previews & Search Engine Simulation Bing search preview Google search preview Yandex search preview Code Minification CSS minifier HTML minifier JS minifier Saving Changes Click the blue  Update  button at the bottom of the page to apply the new tool configuration. Settings - Payment This page provides comprehensive configuration for all aspects of monetization, billing, currency display, and payment processor integration. Enable payments system Function:  The master switch for all monetization features. Behavior:  Disabling this will remove all options for users to upgrade their accounts or see any payment-related information. Enabled payment types Function:  Selects the types of plans you offer. Usage:  Choose between offering  One time  payments,  Recurring  payments, or  Both . Default payment type Function:  Sets the initial default payment structure for the application. Usage:  (e.g.,  One time ). Default payment frequency Function:  Sets the default billing cycle for subscriptions. Usage:  (e.g.,  Monthly ,  Annually ). Currency code Function:  Defines the three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for payments. Example:   USD - United States Dollar . Currency symbol Function:  Defines the visual symbol to be used next to the price (e.g.,  $ ,  € ,  £ ). Display currency as Function:  Selects how the currency should be rendered on the pricing and plan pages (e.g., using the symbol or the full code). Currency placement Function:  Defines the position of the currency symbol relative to the price. Usage:  Choose between  Left of price  ( $10 ) or  Right of price  ( 10$ ). Default processor Function:  Specifies the payment gateway used by default for transactions. Warning:  Ensure this payment processor has the selected currency code enabled in its own settings. [Delete] Function:  Button to delete the current payment processor configuration. [Create] Function:  Button to initiate the setup of a new payment processor configuration. Default currency Function:  Sets the primary currency code for all payments processed on the platform. Warning:  Once you start receiving payments,  do not change this value , as it can corrupt payment records. Enable discount & reclamation codes Function:  Master toggle for promotional offers. Behavior:  Enables the account to validate and apply discount codes created in the admin panel before checkout. Enable taxes & billing system Function:  Activates required billing information collection and tax calculation. Behavior:  This requires users to fill in their billing details before checkout and enables the system to calculate appropriate taxes for each planned payment. Enable invoices system Function:  Controls user access to historical payment records. Behavior:  Users will be able to see or download PDF invoices for their payments or not. Trial system requires card Function:  Modifies the free trial enrollment process. Behavior:  This setting only works with payment processors supporting trial subscriptions (e.g., Stripe). When enabled, a user must provide a credit card to start a trial; otherwise, the standard \"trial without card\" system is used. User plan expiry reminder Function:  Configures the reminder system for upcoming plan expirations. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the expiry date that the user should receive a notification email. Set  0  to disable the reminder. User plan expiry checker & notifier Function:  Master switch for automated plan renewal and expiry emails. Behavior:  Enables sending emails to users whose plans are about to expire or have stopped paying via the Cron job. If disabled, the expired plan will instead be reset only when the user logs into their account. Currency exchange API key Function:  Required key for platforms using multiple currencies. Usage:  This key is only needed in case you integrate and use multiple currency options across your website. [Plan feature visibility] Function:  This button directs you to the  Feature Management Interface . Controls:  Allows administrators to  configure the display  of plan features on all frontend pricing. You can both  rearrange the sequential order  of the features and  selectively hide or show  specific features. Settings - Business details Informational Note These details will be used for payments & invoices. Brand name Function:  The primary trade name of your business, displayed on invoices and billing documents. Invoice Nr Prefix Function:  Sets a custom prefix for all invoices generated by the system. Usage:  Use a consistent prefix (e.g.,  INV- ) to categorize your billing documents. Name Function:  The official legal name of the entity issuing the invoices. Address Function:  The primary street address used for invoicing purposes. City Function:  The city associated with the business address. County Function:  The county or state/province associated with the business address (if applicable). ZIP Function:  The postal code associated with the business address. Country Function:  The country of the business registration, used for calculating appropriate tax jurisdictions. Email Function:  The main contact email address displayed on invoices for customer support regarding billing. Phone Function:  The main contact phone number displayed on invoices. Tax Type Function:  The official tax identification type (e.g., VAT, GST, Sales Tax). Tax ID Function:  The official identification number issued by the tax authority (e.g., VAT number, EIN, ABN). Custom field name Function:  Allows the administrator to define a custom label for an additional piece of business information on invoices. Custom field value Function:  The corresponding value for the custom field defined above. Settings - Payment Processors This list shows all payment processors that can be configured for payments and subscriptions: Available Payment Gateways Paypal Stripe Offline payment Coinbase PayU lyzico Paystack Razorpay Mollie Yookassa Crypto.com Paddle Classic Paddle Billing MercadoPago Midtrans Flutterwave Lemonsqueezy Myfatoorah Klarna Stripe Configuration (Example Setup) Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  IGo here for documentation regarding payment processor setup  https://altumco.de/66aix-docs#stripe Enable Stripe payments Function:  The master toggle to activate the Stripe payment gateway on your site. Publishable Key Function:  The key provided by Stripe to identify your account and handle client-side operations. Secret Key Function:  The private key used for secure server-side transactions and API calls. Webhook Secret Function:  The secret key used to verify that webhook events received by your site truly originate from Stripe. Currencies Function:  A list of currencies supported by this payment processor configuration. Usage:  Check the box next to each currency you wish to accept (e.g.,  USD ). Webhook URL Function:  The endpoint on your BirbShare installation that receives event notifications from Stripe. Note:  This URL ( https://birbshare.com/webhook-stripe ) must be configured in your Stripe dashboard to ensure subscription and payment updates are correctly processed. Settings - Affiliate Enable the affiliate system Function:  The master switch for the affiliate program if you have the affiliate plugin. Behavior:  When enabled, your users are able to earn commissions by referring other paying users to the platform. Commission type Function:  Defines how commission payments are calculated. Example:   Once - give out commission for the first payment of a referred user . Tracking type Function:  Defines the model used to attribute a conversion to an affiliate. Example:   First - track first referrer until the tracking duration expires . Tracking duration Function:  Sets the lifespan of the affiliate tracking cookie on the user's browser. Duration:  Measured in  days . Minimum withdrawal amount Function:  Sets the threshold a user must meet before they can request a payout. Usage:  Enter the minimum amount required in their balance, measured in USD. Withdrawal request notes Function:  Provides custom instructions to users during the withdrawal process. Usage:  Use this field to inform users of requirements, such as including their bank account or PayPal email in the request. Settings - Captcha Read the documentation to get more details. Function:  Read the full documentation for Captcha setup here  https://66aix.com/docs#captchas . Captcha provider Function:  Selects the security service used to verify that users are human. Options:  Available options include  Cloudflare Turnstile ,  Basic captcha (self-hosted) ,  Google ReCaptcha v2 checkbox , and  hCaptcha . Turnstile Site Key Function:  The public key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used to load the widget on the frontend. Turnstile Secret Key Function:  The private key provided by Cloudflare Turnstile (or the equivalent key for the selected provider), used for secure server-side validation. Enable captcha on the login page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to log in. Enable captcha on the register page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users attempting to create a new account. Enable captcha on the lost password page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a password reset link. Enable captcha on the resend activation page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users requesting a new account activation email. Enable captcha on the contact page Function:  Activates the Captcha verification step for users submitting a message via the contact form. Settings - Social logins This section allows administrators to integrate third-party authentication providers, enabling users to register and log in quickly using their existing social media accounts, streamlining the sign-up process. Available Social Login Options Facebook login Google login X login Discord login LinkedIn login Microsoft login Configuration Requirement Credentials:  To successfully enable any social login option, you must obtain the required  Client ID  (or API Key) and  Client Secret  from the respective third-party developer console. Setup:  These unique credentials must then be entered into the specific configuration page for that provider (e.g., Facebook login settings) to properly link your platform with the external service. Settings - Ads Ad blocker detector Function:  Activates the system to check if a user is running an ad-blocking extension. Behavior:  When an ad blocker is detected, the user will see a modal asking them to disable the ad blocker. Lock user until ad blocker is disabled Function:  A strict measure to enforce ad viewing. Behavior:  If enabled, the user is prevented from accessing the platform until they disable the ad blocker. Delay until lock Function:  Sets a grace period before the lock takes effect. Duration:  Measured in  seconds . Informational Note Advertising Condition:  Ads will only show users that do not have a plan with the 'No ads' plan feature enabled. Content:  The fields below accept text, html or javascript. App header Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the header section of the application. App footer Function:  Used to insert ad code (text, HTML, or JavaScript) that will be displayed in the footer section of the application. Settings - Cookie consent Enable cookie consent Function:  Activates the cookie consent banner system for the website. Note:  Cookie consent is implemented using the  orestbida/cookieconsent  library. If using custom JavaScript, check the library's documentation for compatibility. Enable logging Function:  Records user consent decisions. Behavior:  When enabled, the system logs all users and their selected cookie consent preferences into a downloadable CSV file. Strictly necessary cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies essential for core website functionality. Performance and Analytics cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for tracking site usage and performance measurement. Advertisement and Targeting cookies Function:  Allows users to consent to or deny cookies used for delivering targeted ads and marketing content. Layout type Function:  Defines the visual appearance and format of the cookie consent banner. Example:   Bar  (typically a banner fixed to the top or bottom of the screen). Position Y Function:  Controls the vertical placement of the consent banner. Example:   Middle . Position X Function:  Controls the horizontal placement of the consent banner. Example:   Center . Settings - Socials Footer socials This section allows you to configure links to your official social media profiles and contact channels, typically displayed in the website footer. Threads Function:  Input field for your Threads profile URL. YouTube Function:  Input field for your YouTube channel URL. Facebook Function:  Input field for your Facebook profile or page URL. X Function:  Input field for your X (formerly Twitter) profile URL. Instagram Function:  Input field for your Instagram profile URL. TikTok Function:  Input field for your TikTok profile URL. LinkedIn Function:  Input field for your LinkedIn profile or company page URL. WhatsApp Function:  Input field for your WhatsApp contact number. Email Function:  Input field for your public contact email address. Share buttons (14) This section controls the visibility of social sharing features on content pages (like blog posts or documents). The following toggles are listed sequentially, reading down the left column first, then down the right column: Facebook Function:  Toggle to enable the Facebook share button. X Function:  Toggle to enable the X (formerly Twitter) share button. LinkedIn Function:  Toggle to enable the LinkedIn share button. WhatsApp Function:  Toggle to enable the WhatsApp share button. Snapchat Function:  Toggle to enable the Snapchat share button. Email Function:  Toggle to enable the Email share button. Device Function:  Toggle to enable the native device share function. Threads Function:  Toggle to enable the Threads share button. Pinterest Function:  Toggle to enable the Pinterest share button. Reddit Function:  Toggle to enable the Reddit share button. Telegram Function:  Toggle to enable the Telegram share button. Microsoft Teams Function:  Toggle to enable the Microsoft Teams share button. Copy to clipboard Function:  Toggle to enable the \"Copy link\" share button. Print Function:  Toggle to enable the Print share button. Settings - SMTP (Email) This page configures the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP) settings used by the platform to send all outgoing transactional and notification emails. From name Function:  The name of the sender that will be displayed to the receiver. From email Function:  The email address of the sender. Reply to name Function:  The name specified for the reply-to address. Reply to email Function:  The email address that the receiver will use if they reply to the message. CC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a copy (CC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. BCC emails Function:  Defines email addresses that will receive a blind copy (BCC'd) of every sent email. Usage:  Use comma-separated values. Host Function:  The hostname of your SMTP server (e.g.,  mail.smtp2go.com ). Note:  If this field is left empty, the system will attempt to use the default PHP mail function. Encryption Function:  Selects the required connection encryption protocol (e.g.,  TLS  or SSL). Port Function:  The port number used to connect to the SMTP host (e.g.,  25 ,  465 , or  587 ). Authentication Function:  Toggle to enable or disable required authentication for the SMTP connection. Username Function:  The username for your SMTP server account. Password Function:  The password for your SMTP server account. Send test email Function:  A button to send a diagnostic email to ensure the configured SMTP settings are working correctly. Display socials Function:  Toggle to control the visibility of social media icons and links. Behavior:  When enabled, these links will be displayed in the footer of all sent emails. Company details Function:  Text area for legal and contact information. Usage:  Enter legal details such as Name, address, and ways to get in touch for display in email footers. Theme Function:  A section break or link related to configuring the visual theme of system emails. Settings - Theme This page allows for deep customization of the platform's visual appearance, including Light and Dark theme color schemes, font choices, and general styling. Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable theme customization settings. Primary color theme Function:  Defines the core palette of colors available for elements like buttons, accents, and links. Usage:  You can select a predefined color by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Red, Orange, Blue, or Indigo). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise primary color. Gray color theme Function:  Defines the grayscale palette used for backgrounds, borders, and secondary text. Usage:  You can select a predefined shade by clicking any of the available swatches (such as Slate, Gray, Zinc, Neutral, or Stone). Alternatively, you can input a specific hexadecimal code directly into the  Custom  field to define a precise shade. Other settings Function:  Header for non-color-related theme settings. Font family Function:  Controls the typeface used across the application. Usage:  You can select one of the many predefined font families (such as Arial, Georgia, Tahoma, or Courier) by clicking on the desired font tile. Alternatively, the  Custom  input field allows the administrator to define a specific, custom font family to be used. Font family Function:  Input field for manually entering the desired CSS font family name. Example:   Times New Roman . Border radius Function:  Sets the global CSS border radius for elements across the application (e.g.,  0.5rem ). Settings - Custom JS / CSS App custom JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code to run across the entire application. Usage:  Commonly used for tracking codes, chat scripts, and general application-wide scripts. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User welcome JS Function:  A text area for inserting custom JavaScript code that is executed only when a newly registered user logs in for the very first time. Available Dynamic Variables:   {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} , and  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} . User payment thank you JS Function:  A text area for custom JavaScript code that runs on the thank you page after a user has completed a successful payment. Available Dynamic Variables:  Includes user variables plus payment-specific variables:  {{USER:WEBSITE_TITLE}} ,  {{USER:NAME}} ,  {{USER:EMAIL}} ,  {{USER:CONTINENT_NAME}} ,  {{USER:COUNTRY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:CITY_NAME}} ,  {{USER:DEVICE_TYPE}} ,  {{USER:OS_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_NAME}} ,  {{USER:BROWSER_LANGUAGE}} ,  {{USER:USER_ID}} ,  {{USER:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PROCESSOR}} ,  {{PAYMENT:FREQUENCY}} ,  {{PAYMENT:PLAN_ID}} ,  {{PAYMENT:CODE}} ,  {{PAYMENT:TYPE}} , and  {{PAYMENT:TOTAL_AMOUNT}} . App custom CSS Function:  A text area for adding custom CSS code to modify and enhance specific style elements of the website as needed. App body content Function:  A text area for inserting custom code (HTML or JS) right inside the  <body>  tag. Usage:  Especially useful for various forms of tracking or integrating services like Google Tag Manager. Here is the documentation for the  Settings - Custom images  page, listed in the exact sequence they appear in the interface, without numbering or grouping. Settings - Custom images The  Settings > Custom images  page is used to fully rebrand the visual appearance of your public-facing BirbSEO website. You replace the default images with graphics that reflect your specific company identity. Feature Illustrations and Components These fields control the core product graphics used in the various feature blocks on the homepage. They are often vector graphics or high-quality raster images designed to explain key features. index/hero.webp:  The primary large graphic or banner image displayed prominently in the hero section at the very top of the homepage. index/audit.webp:  The illustration representing the main SEO audit generation feature. index/archived-audit.webp:  The graphic used for the feature that explains saving or retrieving historical reports. index/audit_refresh.webp:  The image associated with features related to updating or scheduling recurring audits. index/generate-audit.webp:  An alternative or supplementary graphic often linked to the call-to-action for generating a new report. index/export.webp:  The visual component used for features related to downloading or exporting reports. index/public_audits.webp:  The illustration linked to features about making reports publicly accessible or sharing them. index/api.webp:  The image representing API access or documentation for developers. index/domains.webp:  The graphic accompanying the custom domains or white-labeling feature. index/password_protection.webp:  The illustration for security features, such as password-protecting generated reports. Social Proof (Testimonials) These fields control the images used for social proof, typically user avatars or client logos. index/testimonial-one.webp index/testimonial-two.webp index/testimonial-three.webp File Requirements and Management Supported Formats:  The system accepts various file formats, including  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp , and  .avif . Maximum Size:  Each file upload is restricted to a maximum size of  16 MB . Reverting to Default:  To reset any image back to the original BirbSEO default, check the  Delete uploaded file box beneath the field and click  Update . Saving Changes Click the blue  Update  button at the bottom of the screen to apply your custom images immediately to the public website. Settings - Announcements This section allows administrators to create and customize global announcement banners for different segments of the audience. Target Audience Options:  You can choose to target  Guests  (non-logged-in visitors) or  Users  (logged-in members). Enable Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the announcement banner for the selected target audience. Announcement content Function:  Text area for the content of the announcement. Format:  This field accepts standard text, HTML, or JavaScript. Dynamic Variables:  You can use the dynamic variable  {{WEBSITE_TITLE}} . SpinTax Support:  SpinTax format is supported (e.g.,  {!Hi|Hey|Hello}  to randomize words or phrases). Text color Function:  Sets the color of the text within the announcement banner. Background color Function:  Sets the background color of the announcement banner. Settings - Internal notifications This section controls the in-app notification system and specifies which events should trigger a notification for both users and administrators. Enable notifications system for users Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system for end-users. Enable notifications system for admins (admin panel) Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the internal notification system within the administration panel. New user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user registers. Deleted user Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a user account is deleted. New newsletter subscriber Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new user subscribes to the newsletter. New payment Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new payment is successfully processed. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to enable or disable an internal notification when a new affiliate withdrawal request is initiated. Settings - Email notifications This section configures which administrative email addresses should receive notifications for specific events occurring on the platform. Emails to be notified Function:  A text area for inputting the email addresses that will receive notifications. Usage:  Add valid email addresses separated by a comma. These emails will receive a notification when any of the enabled actions below are performed. New user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new user registers to the website. Delete user Function:  Toggle to receive an email when any user deletes their account. New payment Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new payment is successfully processed. New custom domain Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new custom domain is pending approval. Contact page emails Function:  Toggle to enable the contact system, ensuring emails from the contact page are received by the specified addresses. New affiliate withdrawal Function:  Toggle to receive an email when a new affiliate withdrawal request is submitted. Settings - Push notifications This section manages the setup and behavior of browser-based push notifications, which are initiated by users subscribing through a dedicated button or link.  Note: Enabling this system typically requires the Push Notifications plugin. Enable the Push Notifications system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the entire push notification system. Accept guests as subscribers Function:  Toggle to accept subscriptions to push notifications from users who are not registered or logged into an account. Ask user to subscribe modal Function:  Toggle to enable a modal pop-up that asks the user to subscribe. Note:  The modal will appear if the user has not been asked already, or it can be manually triggered via a footer link. Delay until modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the time delay (in seconds) before the subscription modal appears. Minimum session pageviews count before modal shows up Function:  Input field to specify the minimum number of pageviews a user must have during a session before the subscription modal is displayed. Icon Function:  File upload field for the icon that will be displayed with the push notifications. File Requirements:   .jpg ,  .jpeg , and  .png  files are allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Cron settings Function:  A link or section break related to the configuration of cron jobs necessary for sending scheduled push notifications. Settings - Webhooks The  Settings > Webhooks  page allows you to integrate BirbShare with external applications (such as Slack, Discord, Zapier, Make.com, or custom CRM systems). By configuring webhooks, you can automate workflows by having BirbShare send data to a specific URL whenever a system event occurs. Global Behavior Before configuring specific events, define how the system handles the connection to your external listeners. Wait for webhook response - domains: Default Behavior:  By default, BirbShare operates in \"fire-and-forget\" mode. It sends the data and immediately moves on without checking if the receiving server got it. Synchronous Mode:  If you are using automation platforms like  Make.com  or  n8n  that require the connection to stay open until a full response is read, enter their domains here (comma-separated). This ensures the data payload is fully processed before the connection closes. Event Triggers You can trigger specific webhook actions for different parts of the user lifecycle. For each event, simply paste the  Destination URL  (provided by your external service) into the input field. User Management Events New users event:  Triggered when a user successfully registers. Payload includes:   user_id ,  email ,  name ,  source ,  is_newsletter_subscribed ,  datetime . Users update event:  Triggered when a user modifies their profile details. User deletion event:  Triggered when an account is permanently removed. Financial & Growth Events New payment event:  Triggered upon a successful transaction. Essential for syncing data with accounting software (e.g., QuickBooks, Xero). Payload includes:   payment_total_amount ,  payment_currency ,  payment_processor  (e.g., Stripe),  plan_id , and transaction IDs. Code redeemed event:  Triggered when a user successfully applies a promo code or gift card. Payload includes:   code_name ,  redeemed_days ,  plan_id . System & Infrastructure Events Contact form:  Triggered when a visitor submits a ticket via the \"Contact Us\" page. useful for routing support queries directly to a helpdesk (e.g., Zendesk, Freshdesk). Cron job start / end:  Triggered when scheduled system maintenance tasks begin or finish. Useful for monitoring system health and uptime. New / Updated user domain event:  Triggered when a user attaches or modifies a custom domain on their account. Technical Implementation Notes All webhooks are sent as  HTTP POST  requests. The data is sent in the request body as form data (Key-Value pairs). Payload Keys:  The blue tags listed under each input field in the dashboard (e.g.,  user_id ,  email ) represent the specific keys that will be present in the POST request. Security:  Ensure your receiving endpoint is secure (HTTPS). It is recommended to validate the incoming data on your end to ensure it originates from your BirbShare installation. Common Use Cases New User -> Slack:  Send a message to your team's  #general  channel every time a new user signs up. New Payment -> Email:  Trigger a custom \"Thank You\" email via an external marketing tool when a payment is confirmed. Contact Form -> Trello:  Automatically create a new card on a \"Support\" Trello board when a contact form is submitted. Settings - Offload & CDN This section contains settings for optimizing asset delivery and reducing server load by utilizing external storage and content delivery networks. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Offload assets & user content' plugin to use this feature. Offload Function:  A link or section to configure offloading static content (e.g., user-uploaded images, large files) to a cloud storage service. CDN Function:  A link or section to configure a Content Delivery Network for faster, global delivery of website assets. Settings - PWA This section is used to enable and configure the Progressive Web App (PWA) functionality for the website. Note: You must own, install & activate the 'PWA system' plugin to use this feature. Enable the PWA system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Progressive Web App feature. Display install helper bar in the footer Function:  Toggle to show a bar in the footer that assists users with installing the PWA. Display install bar for guests Function:  Toggle to display the PWA install bar even for non-logged-in users. Delay until bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the time delay, in seconds, before the install helper bar is displayed. Minimum session pageviews count before bar shows up Function:  Input field to set the minimum number of pageviews a user must complete during a session before the install bar is displayed. App name Function:  Input field for the full name of your PWA, which will be shown on the phone home screen or desktop. App short name Function:  Input field for the optional short name of your PWA, which is displayed when there is not enough room for the full name. App short description Function:  Input field for an optional short description of the PWA, shown in some devices during and after installation. App start URL Function:  Input field for the internal page that should load when the PWA app is opened. Note:  UTM tracking parameters ( utm_source=pwa&utm_medium=app&utm_campaign=install-or-pwa-launch ) are automatically added. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color used on the splash screen and while the app is loading. Theme color Function:  Color input field for the browser UI color that matches your app's theme. App icon Function:  File upload field for the main PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. App icon maskable Function:  File upload field for a maskable PWA icon. File Requirements:  Must be 512x512 pixels and  .png  is allowed, with a maximum size of 16 MB. Mobile screenshots Function:  A section for uploading mobile screenshots of the PWA. Desktop screenshots Function:  A section for uploading desktop screenshots of the PWA. Shortcuts Function:  A section for configuring quick access shortcuts within the PWA. Settings - Image optimizer This section manages the system for automatically optimizing images uploaded to the platform. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Image optimizer' plugin to use this feature. Enable the image optimizer system Function:  Master toggle to enable or disable the image optimization feature. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track all image optimization logs. Note:  Logs can be inspected via the admin panel. Optimization provider Function:  Dropdown to select the image optimization service. Note:  The default  Local  provider performs basic optimization and only works for JPG files. Optimization quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality after the optimization. Recommendation:  Use ∼75% to get a good optimization result while maintaining quality at a good rate. Settings - Dynamic OG Img. This section manages the system that automatically generates Open Graph (OG) images dynamically for social media sharing. Note: You must own, install & activate the Dynamic OG Images plugin to use this feature. Enable the dynamic OG images generator system Function:  Master toggle to activate the dynamic OG images generator. Service IP Whitelisting:  The dynamic OG image system sends requests to your server from an external IP for processing. You must ensure your server does not block incoming requests from the IP used by the dynamic image generation service: 178.158.142.190. API Key Function:  Input field for the API key of an admin account of the website. Imagery Pro API key Function:  Input field for the license key from an active AltumCode Club subscription. Usage:  Subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Image quality Function:  Input field (in percent) to set the level of quality for the generated OG image. Recommendation:  Use ∼90% for a crisp but still small and optimized image in modern WEBP format. Title Function:  Text input for the branded title of your site to be displayed on the OG image. Note:  Leave empty to disable this title branding. Title color Function:  Color input field for the text color of the branded title. Logo Function:  File upload field for the logo to be displayed on the OG image. File Requirements:  Low file size SVG or WEBP is highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background image Function:  File upload field for the image used as the background of the OG image. Recommendation:  Background image should be a wider image, preferably 1200×630 pixels. Low file size SVG or WEBP highly recommended. Allowed formats:  .jpg ,  .jpeg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .gif ,  .webp ,  .avif . 16 MB maximum. Background color Function:  Color input field for the background color. Screenshot image size border radius Function:  Input field (in pixels) to set the roundness of the dynamic screenshot borders inside the OG image. Refresh interval Function:  Input field (in days) to set how often the dynamic OG image should be refreshed. Preview Function:  Displays an approximate preview with a sample screenshot image. Settings - Email shield This section configures the system designed to validate email addresses and shield the platform from invalid or temporary email registrations. Note: You must own, install, and activate the 'Email Shield' plugin to use this feature. Enable the email shield system Function:  Master toggle to activate the email shield system. Enable statistics Function:  Toggle to track how many valid and invalid email domain results the site receives on a daily basis. Email Shield API key Function:  Input field for the API key required for the service. Usage:  The key is a license key from your active AltumCode Club subscription; subscribe to any AltumCode Club subscriptions to get access. Whitelisted domains Function:  Text area for domains you wish to always allow, even if the system might otherwise block them. Usage:  Enter comma separated values of domains (e.g.,  domain.com, domain2.com ...etc ). Here is the revised documentation for the  Settings - SSO (Single Sign On)  page, incorporating the detailed instructions for adding websites. Settings - SSO This section manages the configuration of the Single Sign-On system, which allows users to seamlessly switch between connected installations of AltumCode software. Enable the SSO (Single Sign On) system Function:  Master toggle to enable the Single Sign-On system. Display switch links in the menu Function:  Toggle to control whether links for connected websites are automatically displayed to users in the menu. Note:  If disabled, custom redirection links can be created and added from the  Pages  section using a URL structure like  https://birbshare.com/sso/switch?to={website_id}&redirect={page} . Variable Explanations: {website_id} : Should be replaced with the website ID entered in the section below. {page} : Can be a page from that particular website (e.g.,  dashboard ). Websites Function:  This section lists and manages the other AltumCode software installations connected via the SSO system. Context:  With Single Sign-On, you can connect the main Birb services, such as BirbAI, BirbShare, BirbMetrics, and BirbSEO. Action:  The  + Create  button is used to add additional websites to the Single Sign-On system. When adding a new website (by clicking  + Create ), the following details are required: ID:  Simple identification name for the website. Name:  The display name of the website. URL:  The base URL of the another AltumCode software installation (e.g.,  https://birbshare.com/ ). API Key:  The API key of an admin account of the website. To retrieve the required Admin API key for the added website, log in as admin on that service. On the Admin dashboard, you will find the  API docs  link in the left-side navigation; go there to get your key. Icon:  FontAwesome icon class (e.g.,  fas fa-bolt ). Settings - Cron This section displays the required cron job commands for the proper functioning of various scheduled tasks on the platform. The commands are typically set up on the server's cron manager. Essential cron job Function:  The required command for the core essential tasks of the platform. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/reset?key= .... Note: The full security key is displayed in the admin area, but it has been redacted in this document image for safety reasons. Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Broadcasts cron job Function:  The required command for running scheduled broadcasts. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/broadcasts?key= .... Status:  Last executed: 25 seconds ago. Push notifications plugin cron job Function:  The required command for running the scheduled tasks of the Push Notifications plugin. Command Example:   ***** wget --quiet -O /dev/null https://birbshare.com/cron/push_notifications?key= .... Status:  Last executed: N/A. Settings - Health This section shows you the health status of all the server requirements. The green checkmarks mean everything is in order and enabled. PHP Version Requirement:  8.3−8.4. Status:  8.3.27. OpenSSL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. mbstring Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. GD Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. MySQLi Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. cURL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. INTL Requirement:  Extension. Status:  Enabled. set_time_limit() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. iconv() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. get_headers() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. mime_content_type() Requirement:  Function. Status:  Enabled. allow_url_fopen Requirement:  INI Configuration. Status:  Enabled. Settings - Cache This section provides information about the system's local file caching, which stores and retrieves frequently accessed data for better performance. Cache is enabled Function:  Displays the current status of the cache. Status:  The software's caching is currently enabled. Note:  Caching can be enabled or disabled from the  index.php  file of the product. Current cache size Function:  Displays the total size of the cache on the server, measured in MB. Value:  0.092207 MB. Clear cache Function:  Button to purge all stored cache files. Settings - License This section displays your current software license details and allows you to update the license key. License Function:  Displays the active license key obtained from purchasing the product. License type Function:  Displays the type of license currently applied to the website. Value Example:   extended . New license Function:  Input field used to change the website license to a new one. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current license. Settings - Support This section manages the licensing and status of your product support, which is typically tied to your purchase of the software. Support key Function:  The input field that holds your currently active support key. Status Function:  Displays the current validity and expiration status of your support key. Extend your support Function:  An action button to navigate to a page where you can purchase an extension of your support period. New support key Function:  Input field used to change the current support key. Note:  Leave this field empty if you do not want to change the current support key."
    },
    "/docs/documentation/birbgames-admin-guide/": {
        "title": "BirbGames Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbGames Admin Guide Welcome to the BirbGames Admin Backend! This documentation serves as your comprehensive guide to navigating and managing the core functionality of the platform. The left-hand navigation panel is your control center, logically ordered to ensure you can quickly access every section. Let's walk through each menu item in order, from top to bottom. Dashboard The  Dashboard  is your mission control. Think of this as the platform’s pulse monitor. It’s the first page you see, designed to give you an immediate, high-level overview of the most critical metrics, which are organized into four dynamic tabs: USERS  The USERS tab tracks the growth and activity of the user base. This includes visualizations of the  User base over time, the current and previous period  Sign-ups , and a  Sign-ups by source  breakdown (e.g., Email, Social Media). This data is essential for assessing marketing performance and platform reach. BETS  The BETS tab provides a crucial analysis of betting volume and profitability. Key metrics include  Gross Casino Revenue (GCR)  and  GCR margin  comparisons, historical charts of  Wagered amount  and  GCR , plus detailed tables breaking down performance by  Original games ,  Top winners , and  Top losers . This tab is your primary tool for monitoring gaming performance. BONUSES  The BONUSES tab focuses specifically on the cost and usage of promotional incentives. This view displays a timeline of  Bonuses paid  and a  Detailed breakdown  table showing the count, minimum, maximum, average, and total value of bonuses distributed by type. It helps track promotional expenditure and impact. ACCOUNTING  The ACCOUNTING tab presents the full financial picture, centering on  Net Gaming Revenue (NGR) , calculated as:  NGR = GGR - Bonuses - Affiliate commissions - Credits + Debits + Raffle fees . It features dual metrics for  Balance  (Deposits vs. Withdrawals) and  Deposits  (previous vs. current period), alongside charts for  Deposited amount  and  Withdrawn amount , and status breakdowns for both deposits and withdrawals. This is the financial summary for the platform. Users The  Users  section is the central hub for user management, providing a full, filterable list of every registered account. This is where you conduct account audits, security checks, and operational tasks. The user list displays key initial information in columns: ID : The unique numerical identifier for the user's account. Name : The user's display name or username. Email : The verified email address associated with the account. Joined : The duration since the user registered on the platform. Last seen : How recently the user was active on the platform. Each user row includes a three-dot action menu offering granular control over the account: View : Opens a comprehensive, read-only profile view for review, including history and KYC status. Edit : Allows administrative modification of user details, such as name, status (e.g., suspended/active), and internal notes. Delete : Permanently removes the user account and associated data (use with extreme caution). E-mail : Initiates a direct message or action targeting the user's registered email address. Devices : Displays a list of all devices (browser, OS, type) the user has logged in from, useful for security checks. IP History : Shows a chronological list of IP addresses used to access the account, critical for fraud detection and ensuring account integrity. Accounts The  Accounts  section provides a financial view of every user's wallet, allowing for audit and manual adjustment of funds. This section focuses specifically on the transactional integrity of the platform. The account list displays key financial information in columns: ID : The unique numerical identifier for the user's account. Name : The user's display name or username. Balance : The current monetary balance in the account. Currency : The primary currency the balance is held in. Updated : The time elapsed since the last transaction or balance update. Each account row includes a three-dot action menu for detailed financial control: View : Opens the account's full financial ledger for audit. Transactions : Displays a list of all deposits, withdrawals, and wagers associated with the account. Summary : Provides a high-level overview of the account's financial activity (total deposits, total withdrawals, etc.). Debit : Allows an administrator to manually subtract funds from the user's balance for adjustments or corrections (requires justification and caution). Credit : Allows an administrator to manually add funds to the user's balance (e.g., for promotional awards or error correction). Currencies The  Currencies  section allows you to manage the specific fiat and cryptocurrencies available on the platform, including their exchange rates and display settings. The currency list displays the following key details: ID : The unique system identifier for the currency. Name : The full display name of the currency (e.g., \"Bitcoin\", \"Ethereum\"). Code : The standard ticker symbol used throughout the platform (e.g., \"BTC\", \"ETH\"). External code : If applicable, the external identifier used by third-party services or wallets. External rate : The configured exchange rate, likely relative to the platform's base currency. Decimal places : The precision with which the currency amount is displayed and calculated. The three-dot action menu on each row typically allows you to  Edit  these details (such as updating the exchange rate or name) or  Delete  a currency that is no longer supported. Bets The  Bets  section provides a comprehensive, auditable record of every single wager placed across all games on the platform. This is your primary tool for investigating game results, checking volatility, and ensuring fair play. The bet log displays the following critical transaction details: ID : The unique transaction identifier for the specific bet. Name : The user who placed the bet. Game : The title of the game played (e.g., Plinko, Blackjack, European Roulette). Bet : The amount wagered by the user. Win : The gross amount returned to the user (Bet + Profit). Profit : The net gain (green) or net loss (red/negative) for the user on that specific bet. Currency : The currency used for the wager (e.g., CREDIT). Placed : The timestamp indicating when the bet was recorded. Each bet transaction has a three-dot action menu, which has an option to  View  the full bet details.  Bonuses This section manages promotional campaigns and user incentives. Here, you can: Configure automated bonus rules, such as \"Welcome Bonus\" (e.g., 100% match on first deposit). You can track usage and associated revenue here. VIP The  VIP  section manages your loyalty and reward programs, which are structured around four distinct tabs to give you complete control over user progression, rewards, and status. Groups (VIP Tiers) This tab defines the high-level tiers of the VIP program, often represented by badges or colors (e.g., Bronze, Silver, Gold, Diamond). The Rank Groups list displays: ID : The unique system ID for the group. Icon : The visual badge or icon associated with the group. Name : The display name of the tier (e.g., Bronze). Display order : The numerical sequence in which the tiers should be presented to users. The action menu allows you to  Edit  the group, which opens a detailed view to configure the  Name ,  Color  (e.g., a hex code like  #cd7f32 ),  Icon  assets,  Display order , and a list of specific  Benefits  associated with achieving this group level (like a \"Level up bonus\"). Ranks (Progression Levels) The Ranks tab defines the granular progression levels  within  each Group, typically linked to experience points (XP). The Ranks list displays: ID : The unique rank ID. Name : The specific name of the rank (e.g., Bronze 1, Silver 3). Group : The high-level group this rank belongs to. Min XP : The minimum Experience Points a user needs to reach this rank. Bonus amount / Bonus currency : The specific monetary reward awarded upon achieving this rank. This section is where you manage the entire XP progression ladder and ensure the rewards are correctly configured for each step. Rates (XP Earning Logic) The Rates tab manages the formula for how users earn the Experience Points (XP) required to advance through the Ranks. This shows the  Type  of activity (e.g., \"Bet\"), the  Currency  involved (e.g., \"CREDIT\"), and the  Rate  which defines how much XP is earned per unit of currency spent (e.g., \"1 CREDIT = 1.00 XP\"). You can edit this rate to adjust the overall pace of progression across the entire platform. Transactions (XP History) The Transactions tab provides a full, auditable log of every Experience Point transfer that has occurred on the platform. The transaction log displays: ID : The unique transaction ID. User : The user whose XP balance was affected. Source : The reason for the XP change (e.g., bet placement, rank achievement, manual admin adjustment). XP : The amount of XP added or subtracted. Created at : The timestamp of the transaction. This log is essential for auditing loyalty program integrity and investigating user progression issues. Promo codes The  Promo codes  section is where you manage static promotional campaigns designed to reward users with cash, bonuses, or other incentives. This tool is vital for marketing initiatives and direct player engagement. The main management list displays: ID : The unique system identifier. Code : The actual, redeemable text string (e.g.,  SUMMER25 ). Title : A descriptive name for the internal management of the code. Type : The kind of reward (e.g., \"Cash\", \"Bonus\"). Enabled : A boolean indicator showing if the code is currently active and redeemable. Redemptions : The total count of times the code has been successfully used by players. Created : The timestamp indicating when the code was created. When adding or editing a code, the  Create promo code  interface requires you to define critical parameters, including: Code / Title : The public-facing code and internal title. Type : The reward category (e.g., Cash, Bonus). Enabled : Toggle to immediately activate or deactivate the code. Min wager amount / Min wager day count : Requirements users must meet before redeeming the code. Max redemptions : The total number of times the code can be used platform-wide. Amount : The value of the reward given upon successful redemption. Deposits The  Deposits  section provides a real-time, auditable ledger of all incoming funds, whether they are completed, canceled, or pending. This log is crucial for reconciling customer payments and managing the funding process. The deposit log displays detailed transaction information: ID : The unique system identifier for the deposit record. Name : The user who initiated the deposit. Method : The payment gateway or method used (e.g., BIRB, Crypto Wallet). Payment amount / Payment currency : The amount and currency sent by the user via the external payment method (e.g., 0.1 BIRB). Account amount / Account currency : The amount and currency credited to the user's internal platform account after any exchange or processing (e.g., 100 CREDIT). Status : The current state of the deposit (e.g.,  Completed  or  Cancelled ). Created : The timestamp of when the deposit was initiated. Each deposit record has a three-dot action menu, offering  View  and  Transaction  (for sucessful transactions) options to allow administrators to examine the full payment information including external confirmations. Withdrawals The  Withdrawals  section provides the transaction log for all outgoing payments, managing the queue of requests from users to cash out their funds. This is a high-security and critical area for financial compliance and fraud prevention. The withdrawal log displays detailed transaction information, which mirrors the deposit process but in reverse: ID : The unique system identifier for the withdrawal record. Name : The user who initiated the withdrawal. Method : The payment gateway or method used for the payout (e.g., BIRB, Crypto Wallet). Payment amount / Payment currency : The amount and currency sent to the user via the external payment method (e.g., 0.001 BIRB). Account amount / Account currency : The amount and currency debited from the user's internal platform account (e.g., 1 CREDIT). Status : The current state of the withdrawal request (e.g.,  Completed ,  Pending , or  Rejected ). Created : The timestamp of when the withdrawal was initiated. Each withdrawal record has a three-dot action menu, typically offering  View  and  Transaction  options to allow administrators to examine the full payment lifecycle, including internal debiting and external payout confirmation. For pending requests, this menu may also include actions like  Approve  or  Reject . Deposit methods The  Deposit methods  section is where administrators manage the available options for users to fund their accounts and  can add new payment options . This list shows all configured payment gateways, but importantly,  BIRB  is the currently  Enabled  and active payment method used by BirbGames. Other methods are listed but currently deactivated. The administrator can manage each method's status, gateway, and specific configuration options here. Withdrawal methods The  Withdrawal methods  section is where administrators manage the available options for users to cash out their funds. Crucially, administrators  can add new withdrawal methods  here as needed. This list shows all configured withdrawal gateways and systems.  BIRB  is the currently  Enabled  and active withdrawal method used by BirbGames, ensuring quick and seamless payouts. The administrator can manage each method's status, gateway, and specific configuration options here. Chat The  Chat  section is the administration hub for the platform's community communication feature, organized into two key tabs:  ROOMS  and  MESSAGES . The  ROOMS  tab displays a list of all chat rooms, allowing the admin to manage their settings. Key details include the  ID ,  Name ,  Status  (e.g., Active, Archived),  Messages count , and timestamps for when the room was  Created  and  Updated . This is where administrators can create new rooms and manage existing ones. The  MESSAGES  tab (not shown in detail) provides an auditable log of all messages sent across all rooms. This log is essential for reviewing content, investigating user reports, and performing moderation actions like banning or muting users. Tools here may also include setting up automated moderation rules (e.g., filtering profanity). Settings The  Settings  section is the central configuration panel for the entire Birb platform. As shown by the large number of sub-sections (General, Theme, Features, Content, Services, Auth Providers, Logging, and numerous Add-on settings), this area holds all global configurations. We will cover this in detail in a subsequent, dedicated section, as it governs the application name, URL, logos, and the specific parameters for every installed game and feature. Maintenance The  Maintenance  section is the system operations center, providing vital tools for monitoring, updating, and managing the platform's technical health and background processes. It is organized into several distinct areas: System Info:  Displays crucial information about the server environment, including PHP version, web server details (Apache), database connection, license, and more. This is key for troubleshooting environment issues. Platform Version:  Alerts the administrator to available software updates and provides a button to  Upgrade  the platform to the latest stable version. Cron:  Provides information about scheduled jobs (Cron jobs) required for the application to run background tasks (like sending emails or processing timed events). Administrators can  Run Jobs  manually for testing or immediate execution. Cache:  Displays information about the application's caching layer (e.g., templates, configurations). The  Clear Cache  button is essential for ensuring users see the most up-to-date versions of the site after configuration changes or updates. Database:  Allows the administrator to perform database schema updates after a software upgrade. The  Update Database  function is critical to ensure data objects are aligned with the new application version, while preserving current data. Tasks:  Provides a drop-down menu and an  Execute  button to manually run various internal service tasks and maintenance scripts on demand. Maintenance mode:  A toggle and button to  Enable Maintenance Mode . This function takes the site offline for general users, allowing only administrators to access and perform critical updates or maintenance tasks without disruption. Queues:  Manages the system's asynchronous job queues (e.g., long-running tasks like bulk emails or report generation). It allows monitoring of  Jobs ,  Failed jobs , checking  Supervisor status , and  Restarting the Queue Worker  to process pending tasks. Log Files:  Provides access to download or view the application's comprehensive log files (e.g.,  app.log ), which are the primary resource for diagnosing errors and unexpected system behavior. Add-ons The  Add-ons  section acts as the application’s marketplace and management panel for all installed and available add-ons. Each add-on is listed with its key details and status. This section allows administrators to: View Metadata:  See the add-on name, description, and version number. Control Status:  The primary actions include  Enable  or  Disable  to control feature availability, and  Install  or  Re-install  to manage the software lifecycle. Configuration:  While there is no explicit \"Configure\" button, access to specific parameters is done via the dedicated  Settings  section. Each add-on will have its own unique configuration interface. This centralized list includes all major gaming modules (like Blackjack, Plinko, Roulette, etc.), payment integrations (like Payments), and other core functionalities, ensuring that all optional features can be managed from one location. Help The  Help  section is an integrated knowledge base designed to guide administrators through various setup, troubleshooting, and configuration tasks. The content is organized into categories (e.g.,  APP ,  CRASH ,  PAYMENTS ,  SLOTS ) with a comprehensive  Table of contents . The  PAYMENTS  category is particularly important as it contains crucial information, step-by-step guides, and technical details required to properly set up and integrate payment gateways and related currency options. The topics in this section are highly detailed and cover three main areas: Gateway Integration:  Step-by-step instructions for integrating popular payment providers, including  PayPal ,  Stripe ,  Freekassa ,  BTCpay Server ,  Nowpayments.io ,  CoinPayments ,  CryptAPI , and  Paynecta . This ensures administrators can connect to diverse fiat and crypto services. Blockchain Setup:  Guides focused on cryptocurrency payments, such as setting up transactions on any  EVM blockchain (Ethereum, BSC, Polygon) , configuring payments on the  Tron network through Tronlink , and setting up payments on the  Solana network via Phantom . This ensures compatibility with modern decentralized networks. Troubleshooting and Maintenance:  Solutions for common issues like  What direct crypto payment methods are available? ,  How to enable auto withdrawals for the EVM chain? ,  How to set up a manual payment method? ,  Why are deposits stuck in Pending state? , and solutions for errors like  I get a 500 server error after completing a deposit . This documentation is essential for ensuring the platform can successfully handle financial transactions and maintain a reliable payment system. Original games The  Original games  section simply displays a dedicated list of the games enabled for the BirbGames platform. This list, which includes games like  American Roulette, Baccarat, Blackjack, Plinko, Sic Bo,  and  Viking Time , serves as a quick visual reference for all currently enabled games available to users. The primary management and configuration for these games are handled either via the  Settings  section. English (Language Selector) The  English (Language Selector)  option, when clicked, opens a full-screen modal that displays a list of all available language packs (e.g., Český, Dansk, Deutsch, Español, Français, Italiano, etc.) for the Admin Panel interface. Selecting an option here immediately changes the localization of the backend system, ensuring the administrative team can work in their native language."
    }
}