{
    "/docs/": {
        "title": "BirbAI Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbAI Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview Welcome to the  BirbAI Admin Panel . The Dashboard acts as your central command center, giving you an immediate, high-level view of your platform's performance, user activity, and system health. Upon logging in, you are greeted with real-time statistics, recent notifications, and a snapshot of the latest user registrations. 1. Key Performance Metrics The top section of the dashboard features a grid of cards designed to track consumption and business growth.  Content Generation Stats These cards track the AI resources your users are consuming. Each card displays the  Total All-Time  usage in large text and the  Monthly  usage in smaller text below it. Business Health Stats These cards focus on the operational side of BirbAI. Projects:  The number of active workspaces or projects created by your users. Users:  Total registered accounts on the platform. Payments:  The number of individual transactions processed this month. Earned:  Total revenue generated (displayed in USD). 2. Admin Notifications Located directly below the metrics, the  Admin Notifications  feed provides a chronological log of critical system events. New User Alerts:  Instantly see when a new user signs up, including their username and email address. Timestamps:  Each notification includes a relative timestamp (e.g., \"7 days ago\") to help you track the velocity of recent signups. Tip:  This feed is read-only. To manage specific users mentioned here, navigate to the  Users  tab in the sidebar. 3. Latest Users & Live Activity The bottom section,  Latest Users , offers a tabular view of the most recent registrations. This allows for quick moderation and status checks without leaving the dashboard. Online Status:  A green badge (e.g.,  1 online users ) in the top right indicates how many users are currently active on the platform. User Details:  Displays the avatar, username, and email address. Status:  Indicates if the account is verified. Unconfirmed : The user has registered but hasn't verified their email. Active : The user is fully verified. Plan:  Shows the current subscription tier (e.g.,  Bronze ,  Free ,  Gold ). Details & Actions:  The icons on the far right allow you to quickly edit the user, view their history, or adjust their permissions. 4. Sidebar Navigation Reference The sidebar is your primary navigation tool within the BirbAI Admin Panel. It is organized into four main functional areas:  Platform Management ,  Financials ,  AI Content Management , and  System Logs . Platform Management These tools control the core infrastructure, user access, and global settings of your application. Admin Dashboard:  The home view containing high-level metrics and recent activity. Users:  Manage registered accounts, roles, and ban/verify status. Settings:  Configure global variables, SMTP (email), payment methods, and site settings. Plans:  Define subscription tiers (e.g., Free, Bronze, Gold), set pricing, and allocate resource limits. Languages:  Manage localization settings and available languages for the UI. Broadcasts:  Create and send system-wide announcements or alerts to all users. Users Notifications:  Configure automated system alerts sent to users (e.g., \"New User\" emails or quota warnings). Plugins:  Manage and activate external integrations or add-ons. Statistics:  View detailed analytics regarding platform usage and growth trends over time. Resources & Blog:  Manage external links, help docs, and blog posts displayed on the frontend. API Docs:  Access documentation for the BirbAI API endpoints. Financials Manage the monetization and billing aspects of your platform. Codes:  Create promotional discount codes or vouchers for marketing campaigns. Taxes:  Configure tax rates per region or country for billing compliance. Payments:  A complete ledger of all transactions, invoices, and payment statuses. AI Content Management This section allows you to moderate, view, and manage the actual content generated by the AI models. Templates & Text AI Templates Categories:  Organize your prompt templates into groups (e.g., \"Social Media,\" \"Developers\"). You can also create new categories. AI Templates:  Create and edit the specific prompt presets available to your users. AI Documents:  View text content generated by users via templates. AI Assistants:  Configure the personas and system prompts for AI chat assistants. AI Chats:  Review conversation logs between users and AI assistants. Audio & Voice AI Transcriptions:  View logs for speech-to-text tasks. AI Syntheses:  Logs for text-to-speech (voice generation) tasks. Image Generation & Editing AI Images:  A gallery view of standard images generated by users. AI Upscaled Images:  History of low-res images processed through the upscaler. AI Removed Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background removal tool. AI Replaced Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background replacement tool. Activity & Logs Tools for auditing user behavior and project organization. Projects:  View user-created workspaces or folders used to organize content. Users Logs:  A detailed audit trail of user actions (login times, IP addresses, and critical account changes) for security monitoring. 5. General Settings Configuration The  Settings > Main  tab is where you establish the global identity and default behaviors of your BirbAI installation. These configurations affect the entire platform and are the first things users see when interacting with your site. Branding & Identity Customize the visual elements to match your brand. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g., \"BirbAI\"). This appears in browser tabs and search engine results. Logos:  Upload specific assets for different UI contexts. Light/Dark Theme Logos:  Ensure you upload versions optimized for both white and dark backgrounds for better contrast. Email Logo:  The logo used in automated transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets). File Specs:  Supported formats include  .jpg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .webp , and  .avif . Max file size:  16 MB . Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the URL. Opengraph Image:  The preview image displayed when your website link is shared on social media (Facebook, Twitter/X, LinkedIn). Note:  If you need to remove an existing asset, check the  \"Delete uploaded file\"  box below the specific image and save your settings. System Defaults Set the baseline experience for new users and visitors. Default Timezone:  Sets the initial timezone for new user registrations (currently  UTC ). Users can customize this later in their personal profiles. Default Theme Style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode for first-time visitors. Default Language:  The primary language of the interface. Default Results per Page:  Controls pagination limits for lists and tables across the site. App-wide Settings The  App-wide Settings  section controls the foundational behavior, navigation logic, and global feature availability of your BirbAI installation. These toggles allow you to enable or disable core system functionalities without needing to touch code. Enable spotlight system for admins  Enables the global command palette for administrators. When active, admins can press  CMD + K  (Mac) or  CTRL + K  (Windows) to open a search modal and quickly navigate to different pages. Enable spotlight system for users  Enables the global command palette for regular users. This allows them to quickly search for features or navigate their account using  CMD/CTRL + K . Enable white labeling system  Unlocks the ability for specific users (usually on high-tier plans) to customize the account branding. This allows them to replace the default logo, footer, and page titles with their own brand identity. Enable theme style selector  Adds a toggle button in the website footer, allowing users to manually switch between Light and Dark visual themes. Enable automatic language detection  When a visitor arrives, the system will detect their browser's preferred language. If that language is supported by your site, they will be automatically redirected to the localized version. Enable users API system  Allows users to generate and manage their own API keys. Enable this if you want to let developers build third-party applications or integrations using your platform. Track email views & clicks for Broadcasts  Adds tracking pixels to system emails to measure open rates and link clicks. Note:  Enabling this increases the load on your server and requires more database storage. Enable breadcrumbs  Displays a navigation trail at the top of pages (e.g.,  Home > Dashboard > Settings ). This helps users understand where they are within the application structure. Display pagination regardless of page count Enabled:  The pagination controls are always visible, even if there is only one page of results. Disabled:  Pagination controls are hidden unless there are at least two pages of content. Allow search engines indexing  Controls whether public pages of your site are visible to search engines like Google or Bing. On:  Your  robots.txt  file will allow indexing. Off:  Search engines will be instructed to ignore your site (useful for private or development environments). Allow AI scraping  Controls whether AI data bots (like OpenAI, Google Gemini, or Bing) are allowed to scrape your public content for model training. Force HTTPS  Forces all site traffic to use the secure  https://  protocol. Warning:  Only enable this  after  you have confirmed that the  SITE_URL  value in your  config.php  file starts with  https:// . Enabling this prematurely can lock you out of the site. Iframe embedding allowed domains  Controls security settings for embedding your site elsewhere. all : Allows your site to be embedded in an iframe on any domain. none : Completely disables iframe embedding (recommended for security). Specific URLs : Enter comma-separated domains to allow embedding only on trusted sites. Title separator  Defines the symbol used in the browser tab title to separate the page name from the website name (e.g., enter  -  for titles like \"Dashboard - BirbAI\"). Index Settings This page allows you to customize the content blocks displayed on your default landing page and optionally redirect the root domain to a completely custom external site. Content Toggles Use the toggles below to control which informational blocks are visible to visitors on the index (home) page. Display plans on the index page On:  Shows the pricing table and plan features section on the landing page. Off:  Hides the pricing details from the homepage. Display testimonials on the index page On:  Displays a section featuring user reviews and social proof. Off:  Hides the testimonials block. Display FAQ on the index page On:  Shows the Frequently Asked Questions section. Off:  Hides the FAQ block. Display latest blog posts on the index page On:  Displays a widget showing a preview of recent articles from your Blog. Off:  Hides the blog preview widget. Custom Index Page Configuration Custom index page URL  This field allows you to completely bypass the default BirbAI landing page and redirect all root traffic to an external URL (e.g., a page hosted on WordPress or a separate marketing site). To Enable:  Enter the full URL of the custom landing page (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ). This will disable the original landing page and redirect all incoming requests. To Disable:  Leave the field empty. The system will then revert to displaying the original BirbAI landing page and the content blocks enabled above. Maintenance Settings Use these settings to enable the application-wide  Maintenance Mode  and customize the message presented to users while the site is down for updates, bug fixes, or new feature rollouts. Maintenance Mode Activation Enable maintenance mode Function:  This is the master switch for taking the site offline. Behavior:  When enabled, all users (non-Admins) attempting to access any page will be redirected to the custom maintenance screen. Exceptions:  Access is preserved for essential administrative and recovery functions: the  Login  page,  Lost Password  page, and  Reset Password  pages remain accessible. Admins can log in and view the site normally. Maintenance Page Customization Customize the content and action link displayed on the maintenance screen. Maintenance title  The main heading displayed prominently on the maintenance page (e.g.,  BirbAI ). Maintenance description  The body text that informs your users about the reason for the downtime (e.g., \"BirbAI is currently undergoing maintenance. We are updating the software and integrating the latest APIs.\"). Action button text  The text displayed on the call-to-action button (e.g.,  Visit Birb.com ). Action button URL  The destination link for the action button. This is typically used to direct users to a status page, a marketing site, or a social media channel for updates (e.g.,  https://birb.com )."
    }
}