{
    "/docs/": {
        "title": "BirbAI Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbAI Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview Welcome to the  BirbAI Admin Panel . The Dashboard acts as your central command center, giving you an immediate, high-level view of your platform's performance, user activity, and system health. Upon logging in, you are greeted with real-time statistics, recent notifications, and a snapshot of the latest user registrations. 1. Key Performance Metrics The top section of the dashboard features a grid of cards designed to track consumption and business growth.  Content Generation Stats These cards track the AI resources your users are consuming. Each card displays the  Total All-Time  usage in large text and the  Monthly  usage in smaller text below it. Business Health Stats These cards focus on the operational side of BirbAI. Projects:  The number of active workspaces or projects created by your users. Users:  Total registered accounts on the platform. Payments:  The number of individual transactions processed this month. Earned:  Total revenue generated (displayed in USD). 2. Admin Notifications Located directly below the metrics, the  Admin Notifications  feed provides a chronological log of critical system events. New User Alerts:  Instantly see when a new user signs up, including their username and email address. Timestamps:  Each notification includes a relative timestamp (e.g., \"7 days ago\") to help you track the velocity of recent signups. Tip:  This feed is read-only. To manage specific users mentioned here, navigate to the  Users  tab in the sidebar. 3. Latest Users & Live Activity The bottom section,  Latest Users , offers a tabular view of the most recent registrations. This allows for quick moderation and status checks without leaving the dashboard. Online Status:  A green badge (e.g.,  1 online users ) in the top right indicates how many users are currently active on the platform. User Details:  Displays the avatar, username, and email address. Status:  Indicates if the account is verified. Unconfirmed : The user has registered but hasn't verified their email. Active : The user is fully verified. Plan:  Shows the current subscription tier (e.g.,  Bronze ,  Free ,  Gold ). Details & Actions:  The icons on the far right allow you to quickly edit the user, view their history, or adjust their permissions. 4. Sidebar Navigation Reference The sidebar is your primary navigation tool within the BirbAI Admin Panel. It is organized into four main functional areas:  Platform Management ,  Financials ,  AI Content Management , and  System Logs . Platform Management These tools control the core infrastructure, user access, and global settings of your application. Admin Dashboard:  The home view containing high-level metrics and recent activity. Users:  Manage registered accounts, roles, and ban/verify status. Settings:  Configure global variables, SMTP (email), payment methods, and site settings. Plans:  Define subscription tiers (e.g., Free, Bronze, Gold), set pricing, and allocate resource limits. Languages:  Manage localization settings and available languages for the UI. Broadcasts:  Create and send system-wide announcements or alerts to all users. Users Notifications:  Configure automated system alerts sent to users (e.g., \"New User\" emails or quota warnings). Plugins:  Manage and activate external integrations or add-ons. Statistics:  View detailed analytics regarding platform usage and growth trends over time. Resources & Blog:  Manage external links, help docs, and blog posts displayed on the frontend. API Docs:  Access documentation for the BirbAI API endpoints. Financials Manage the monetization and billing aspects of your platform. Codes:  Create promotional discount codes or vouchers for marketing campaigns. Taxes:  Configure tax rates per region or country for billing compliance. Payments:  A complete ledger of all transactions, invoices, and payment statuses. AI Content Management This section allows you to moderate, view, and manage the actual content generated by the AI models. Templates & Text AI Templates Categories:  Organize your prompt templates into groups (e.g., \"Social Media,\" \"Developers\"). You can also create new categories. AI Templates:  Create and edit the specific prompt presets available to your users. AI Documents:  View text content generated by users via templates. AI Assistants:  Configure the personas and system prompts for AI chat assistants. AI Chats:  Review conversation logs between users and AI assistants. Audio & Voice AI Transcriptions:  View logs for speech-to-text tasks. AI Syntheses:  Logs for text-to-speech (voice generation) tasks. Image Generation & Editing AI Images:  A gallery view of standard images generated by users. AI Upscaled Images:  History of low-res images processed through the upscaler. AI Removed Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background removal tool. AI Replaced Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background replacement tool. Activity & Logs Tools for auditing user behavior and project organization. Projects:  View user-created workspaces or folders used to organize content. Users Logs:  A detailed audit trail of user actions (login times, IP addresses, and critical account changes) for security monitoring. 5. General Settings Configuration The  Settings > Main  tab is where you establish the global identity and default behaviors of your BirbAI installation. These configurations affect the entire platform and are the first things users see when interacting with your site. Branding & Identity Customize the visual elements to match your brand. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g., \"BirbAI\"). This appears in browser tabs and search engine results. Logos:  Upload specific assets for different UI contexts. Light/Dark Theme Logos:  Ensure you upload versions optimized for both white and dark backgrounds for better contrast. Email Logo:  The logo used in automated transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets). File Specs:  Supported formats include  .jpg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .webp , and  .avif . Max file size:  16 MB . Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the URL. Opengraph Image:  The preview image displayed when your website link is shared on social media (Facebook, Twitter/X, LinkedIn). Note:  If you need to remove an existing asset, check the  \"Delete uploaded file\"  box below the specific image and save your settings. System Defaults Set the baseline experience for new users and visitors. Default Timezone:  Sets the initial timezone for new user registrations (currently  UTC ). Users can customize this later in their personal profiles. Default Theme Style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode for first-time visitors. Default Language:  The primary language of the interface. Default Results per Page:  Controls pagination limits for lists and tables across the site. App-wide Settings The  App-wide Settings  section controls the foundational behavior, navigation logic, and global feature availability of your BirbAI installation. These toggles allow you to enable or disable core system functionalities without needing to touch code. Enable spotlight system for admins  Enables the global command palette for administrators. When active, admins can press  CMD + K  (Mac) or  CTRL + K  (Windows) to open a search modal and quickly navigate to different pages. Enable spotlight system for users  Enables the global command palette for regular users. This allows them to quickly search for features or navigate their account using  CMD/CTRL + K . Enable white labeling system  Unlocks the ability for specific users (usually on high-tier plans) to customize the account branding. This allows them to replace the default logo, footer, and page titles with their own brand identity. Enable theme style selector  Adds a toggle button in the website footer, allowing users to manually switch between Light and Dark visual themes. Enable automatic language detection  When a visitor arrives, the system will detect their browser's preferred language. If that language is supported by your site, they will be automatically redirected to the localized version. Enable users API system  Allows users to generate and manage their own API keys. Enable this if you want to let developers build third-party applications or integrations using your platform. Track email views & clicks for Broadcasts  Adds tracking pixels to system emails to measure open rates and link clicks. Note:  Enabling this increases the load on your server and requires more database storage. Enable breadcrumbs  Displays a navigation trail at the top of pages (e.g.,  Home > Dashboard > Settings ). This helps users understand where they are within the application structure. Display pagination regardless of page count Enabled:  The pagination controls are always visible, even if there is only one page of results. Disabled:  Pagination controls are hidden unless there are at least two pages of content. Allow search engines indexing  Controls whether public pages of your site are visible to search engines like Google or Bing. On:  Your  robots.txt  file will allow indexing. Off:  Search engines will be instructed to ignore your site (useful for private or development environments). Allow AI scraping  Controls whether AI data bots (like OpenAI, Google Gemini, or Bing) are allowed to scrape your public content for model training. Force HTTPS  Forces all site traffic to use the secure  https://  protocol. Warning:  Only enable this  after  you have confirmed that the  SITE_URL  value in your  config.php  file starts with  https:// . Enabling this prematurely can lock you out of the site. Iframe embedding allowed domains  Controls security settings for embedding your site elsewhere. all : Allows your site to be embedded in an iframe on any domain. none : Completely disables iframe embedding (recommended for security). Specific URLs : Enter comma-separated domains to allow embedding only on trusted sites. Title separator  Defines the symbol used in the browser tab title to separate the page name from the website name (e.g., enter  -  for titles like \"Dashboard - BirbAI\"). Index Settings This page allows you to customize the content blocks displayed on your default landing page and optionally redirect the root domain to a completely custom external site. Content Toggles Use the toggles below to control which informational blocks are visible to visitors on the index (home) page. Display plans on the index page On:  Shows the pricing table and plan features section on the landing page. Off:  Hides the pricing details from the homepage. Display testimonials on the index page On:  Displays a section featuring user reviews and social proof. Off:  Hides the testimonials block. Display FAQ on the index page On:  Shows the Frequently Asked Questions section. Off:  Hides the FAQ block. Display latest blog posts on the index page On:  Displays a widget showing a preview of recent articles from your Blog. Off:  Hides the blog preview widget. Custom Index Page Configuration Custom index page URL  This field allows you to completely bypass the default BirbAI landing page and redirect all root traffic to an external URL (e.g., a page hosted on WordPress or a separate marketing site). To Enable:  Enter the full URL of the custom landing page (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ). This will disable the original landing page and redirect all incoming requests. To Disable:  Leave the field empty. The system will then revert to displaying the original BirbAI landing page and the content blocks enabled above. Maintenance Settings Use these settings to enable the application-wide  Maintenance Mode  and customize the message presented to users while the site is down for updates, bug fixes, or new feature rollouts. Maintenance Mode Activation Enable maintenance mode Function:  This is the master switch for taking the site offline. Behavior:  When enabled, all users (non-Admins) attempting to access any page will be redirected to the custom maintenance screen. Exceptions:  Access is preserved for essential administrative and recovery functions: the  Login  page,  Lost Password  page, and  Reset Password  pages remain accessible. Admins can log in and view the site normally. Maintenance Page Customization Customize the content and action link displayed on the maintenance screen. Maintenance title  The main heading displayed prominently on the maintenance page (e.g.,  BirbAI ). Maintenance description  The body text that informs your users about the reason for the downtime (e.g., \"BirbAI is currently undergoing maintenance. We are updating the software and integrating the latest APIs.\"). Action button text  The text displayed on the call-to-action button (e.g.,  Visit Birb.com ). Action button URL  The destination link for the action button. This is typically used to direct users to a status page, a marketing site, or a social media channel for updates (e.g.,  https://birb.com ). Other Settings This section manages miscellaneous core system variables, including legal obligations, system performance caching, and the configuration for administrative AI services. Other Settings Reference Custom 404 page URL Function:  Disables the default \"Page Not Found\" error page. Usage:  Enter a full URL (e.g.,  https://example.com/ ) to redirect users hitting a broken link to a custom error page. Leave the field empty to revert to the system's default 404 page. Terms and Conditions URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Terms and Conditions. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Privacy Policy URL Function:  Provides the legally required link to your Privacy Policy. Display:  This link is displayed to the user during the sign-up process and when they are making a payment. Preview chart cache Sets the duration (in  hours ) for which analytical chart data is cached. Lowering this value provides more real-time data but increases server load. Preview chart time frame Defines the maximum time period (in  days ) that the dashboard and statistics charts cover. Data older than this limit will not be included in the default chart visualization. Account avatar size limit Sets the maximum file size (in  MB ) allowed for user avatar uploads. Note:  This limit cannot be set higher than the maximum upload size configured on your actual server. OpenAI API key Enter a valid OpenAI API key here. Usage:  This key is specifically used for the  automatic translation  functionality found within the admin panel language packs and system assets. OpenAI model Select the specific OpenAI model to be used for the internal admin translation feature (e.g.,  gpt-5 ). Settings - Users Enable new users registration Function:  Controls user access to the platform. Behavior:  Allows people to register on your platform. Disabling this toggle completely removes the registration page, making the platform invite-only or admin-only. Exclusive login/registration with Social logins Function:  Restricts the available login methods. Behavior:  When enabled, users can only register or log in using third-party social providers (e.g., Google, Facebook). Standard email/password registration is disabled. Social logins require password Function:  Enhances account security for social sign-ups. Behavior:  When enabled, users who first register via a social login will be required to set an account password. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on registration page Function:  Adds a marketing opt-in during account creation. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox on the primary registration page. Display newsletter sign up checkbox on account settings page Function:  Provides a persistent opt-in/opt-out option. Behavior:  Displays a newsletter sign-up checkbox within the user's personal account settings page. Auto-check \"Remember me\" on login page Function:  Controls the default state of the login session persistence checkbox. Behavior:  When enabled, the \"Remember me\" checkbox on the login page will be checked by default. \"Remember me\" cookie time frame Function:  Sets the duration for session persistence. Behavior:  Defines how long (in  days ) the user's login session remains active when the \"Remember me\" box is checked.  Default is 90 days. Enable usage of email aliases Function:  Allows for flexible email management. Behavior:  Permits people to register or use email aliases (e.g.,  hello+admin@example.com  or  user+alias@email.com ). Email confirmation Function:  Controls account security and verification upon sign-up. Behavior:  When enabled, an email confirmation link is sent when a user registers or changes their email address. The account remains unconfirmed until the link is clicked. Welcome email Function:  Controls introductory communication. Behavior:  Sends out a welcome email automatically when a new user successfully completes registration. Cleanup Settings This page manages automated maintenance routines and user deletion policies based on inactivity and confirmation status, helping you keep your user database lean and secure. Auto delete unconfirmed users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that failed to confirm their email address. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  an unconfirmed account will exist before being automatically deleted. Note:  Since these users are unconfirmed, no deletion reminders will be sent to them. Set the value to  0  to permanently disable this feature. Auto delete inactive users Function:  Automatically deletes user accounts that have been inactive for a specified period. Duration:  Enter the amount of  days  a user can be inactive before their account is deleted. Restriction:  This feature is  only valid for Free users . Paid subscribers are not subject to auto-deletion for inactivity. Set the value to  0  to disable this feature. User deletion reminder Function:  Sends a warning email to users scheduled for deletion due to inactivity. Duration:  Enter the number of  days  prior to the deletion date that the user should receive the reminder email. Note:  Set the value to  0  to disable this reminder system. Anti spam measures This page allows administrators to configure various security and throttling mechanisms to prevent automated bot activity,fraudulent signups, and brute-force attacks. Blacklisted domains Function:  Prevents registration and login attempts from specific email domains. Usage:  Enter domain names (e.g.,  spamdomain.com, tempmail.co ) separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their email address is associated with any domain in this list. Blacklisted IPs Function:  Blocks access based on the user's IP address. Usage:  Enter IP addresses separated by commas. Users will be unable to register or log in if their IP address is included in this list. Select blacklisted countries Function:  Restricts access based on geographical location. Usage:  Select countries from the list that you wish to block. Users will be unable to register or log in from any of the selected countries. Detection is based on the user's IP address. Login lockout is enabled Function:  Activates brute-force protection for the login page. Behavior:  When enabled, login attempts are throttled after repeated failures. Max login retries Function:  Defines the number of failed login attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Password reset lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for the password reset functionality. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can attempt to reset their password within a given timeframe. Max reset retries Function:  Defines the number of failed password reset attempts allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max reset retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Resend activation lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection for resending account activation emails. Behavior:  Limits the number of times a user can request a new activation email. Max resend retries Function:  Defines the number of resend requests allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 retries. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP/account is blocked after reaching the max resend retries limit. Unit:  Minutes. Register lockout is enabled Function:  Activates throttling protection to prevent spam registrations. Behavior:  Limits the number of registrations allowed from a single IP address or network within a set period. Max registrations Function:  Defines the maximum number of successful registrations allowed before the lockout takes effect. Default:  5 registrations. Lockout time Function:  Defines the duration the user's IP is blocked from registering after reaching the max registrations limit. Unit:  Days. Settings - Content This section controls the configuration and visibility of the platform's native blog system. Enable blog system Function:  The master switch for the blogging feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the blog area becomes accessible on the frontend and the Blog section appears in the Admin Sidebar. Enable blog share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to individual blog posts. Behavior:  Allows users to easily share articles on various social media platforms. Enable blog search widget Function:  Adds a dedicated search bar widget to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Allows visitors to search for specific content within the blog. Enable blog categories widget Function:  Adds a navigation widget listing post categories to the blog sidebar. Behavior:  Helps users filter posts by topic. Enable blog popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget listing the most-viewed articles. Behavior:  Promotes high-engagement content on the blog sidebar. Enable blog views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of post view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each article is shown publicly. Enable blog ratings system Function:  Activates user feedback mechanisms. Behavior:  Allows logged-in users to rate or like blog posts. Blog system columns Function:  Defines the layout structure of the blog post listing page. Usage:  Select the number of columns (e.g., 1, 2, 3) to arrange blog post previews. Resources This section controls the configuration and visibility of the Resources or static Pages system (often used for Help/About pages). Enable resources (pages) system Function:  The master switch for the static Pages feature. Behavior:  When enabled, the Resources section becomes functional and manageable via the Admin Sidebar. Enable pages share post buttons Function:  Adds social sharing links to static resources/pages. Behavior:  Allows visitors to share help articles or static pages on social media. Enable pages popular posts widget Function:  Adds a widget to the resources sidebar listing the most frequently viewed pages. Behavior:  Promotes high-traffic resources. Enable pages views count to be displayed Function:  Controls the visibility of page view analytics. Behavior:  When enabled, the total view count for each static page is shown publicly."
    }
}