{
    "/docs/": {
        "title": "BirbAI Admin Guide",
        "text": "BirbAI Admin Guide Admin Dashboard Overview Welcome to the  BirbAI Admin Panel . The Dashboard acts as your central command center, giving you an immediate, high-level view of your platform's performance, user activity, and system health. Upon logging in, you are greeted with real-time statistics, recent notifications, and a snapshot of the latest user registrations. 1. Key Performance Metrics The top section of the dashboard features a grid of cards designed to track consumption and business growth.  Content Generation Stats These cards track the AI resources your users are consuming. Each card displays the  Total All-Time  usage in large text and the  Monthly  usage in smaller text below it. Business Health Stats These cards focus on the operational side of BirbAI. Projects:  The number of active workspaces or projects created by your users. Users:  Total registered accounts on the platform. Payments:  The number of individual transactions processed this month. Earned:  Total revenue generated (displayed in USD). 2. Admin Notifications Located directly below the metrics, the  Admin Notifications  feed provides a chronological log of critical system events. New User Alerts:  Instantly see when a new user signs up, including their username and email address. Timestamps:  Each notification includes a relative timestamp (e.g., \"7 days ago\") to help you track the velocity of recent signups. Tip:  This feed is read-only. To manage specific users mentioned here, navigate to the  Users  tab in the sidebar. 3. Latest Users & Live Activity The bottom section,  Latest Users , offers a tabular view of the most recent registrations. This allows for quick moderation and status checks without leaving the dashboard. Online Status:  A green badge (e.g.,  1 online users ) in the top right indicates how many users are currently active on the platform. User Details:  Displays the avatar, username, and email address. Status:  Indicates if the account is verified. Unconfirmed : The user has registered but hasn't verified their email. Active : The user is fully verified. Plan:  Shows the current subscription tier (e.g.,  Bronze ,  Free ,  Gold ). Details & Actions:  The icons on the far right allow you to quickly edit the user, view their history, or adjust their permissions. 4. Sidebar Navigation Reference The sidebar is your primary navigation tool within the BirbAI Admin Panel. It is organized into four main functional areas:  Platform Management ,  Financials ,  AI Content Management , and  System Logs . Platform Management These tools control the core infrastructure, user access, and global settings of your application. Admin Dashboard:  The home view containing high-level metrics and recent activity. Users:  Manage registered accounts, roles, and ban/verify status. Settings:  Configure global variables, SMTP (email), payment methods, and site settings. Plans:  Define subscription tiers (e.g., Free, Bronze, Gold), set pricing, and allocate resource limits. Languages:  Manage localization settings and available languages for the UI. Broadcasts:  Create and send system-wide announcements or alerts to all users. Users Notifications:  Configure automated system alerts sent to users (e.g., \"New User\" emails or quota warnings). Plugins:  Manage and activate external integrations or add-ons. Statistics:  View detailed analytics regarding platform usage and growth trends over time. Resources & Blog:  Manage external links, help docs, and blog posts displayed on the frontend. API Docs:  Access documentation for the BirbAI API endpoints. Financials Manage the monetization and billing aspects of your platform. Codes:  Create promotional discount codes or vouchers for marketing campaigns. Taxes:  Configure tax rates per region or country for billing compliance. Payments:  A complete ledger of all transactions, invoices, and payment statuses. AI Content Management This section allows you to moderate, view, and manage the actual content generated by the AI models. Templates & Text AI Templates Categories:  Organize your prompt templates into groups (e.g., \"Social Media,\" \"Developers\"). You can also create new categories. AI Templates:  Create and edit the specific prompt presets available to your users. AI Documents:  View text content generated by users via templates. AI Assistants:  Configure the personas and system prompts for AI chat assistants. AI Chats:  Review conversation logs between users and AI assistants. Audio & Voice AI Transcriptions:  View logs for speech-to-text tasks. AI Syntheses:  Logs for text-to-speech (voice generation) tasks. Image Generation & Editing AI Images:  A gallery view of standard images generated by users. AI Upscaled Images:  History of low-res images processed through the upscaler. AI Removed Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background removal tool. AI Replaced Bg. Images:  Logs of images processed by the background replacement tool. Activity & Logs Tools for auditing user behavior and project organization. Projects:  View user-created workspaces or folders used to organize content. Users Logs:  A detailed audit trail of user actions (login times, IP addresses, and critical account changes) for security monitoring. 5. General Settings Configuration The  Settings > Main  tab is where you establish the global identity and default behaviors of your BirbAI installation. These configurations affect the entire platform and are the first things users see when interacting with your site. Branding & Identity Customize the visual elements to match your brand. Website Title:  The global name of your application (e.g., \"BirbAI\"). This appears in browser tabs and search engine results. Logos:  Upload specific assets for different UI contexts. Light/Dark Theme Logos:  Ensure you upload versions optimized for both white and dark backgrounds for better contrast. Email Logo:  The logo used in automated transactional emails (Welcome emails, password resets). File Specs:  Supported formats include  .jpg ,  .png ,  .svg ,  .webp , and  .avif . Max file size:  16 MB . Favicon:  The small icon displayed in the browser tab next to the URL. Opengraph Image:  The preview image displayed when your website link is shared on social media (Facebook, Twitter/X, LinkedIn). Note:  If you need to remove an existing asset, check the  \"Delete uploaded file\"  box below the specific image and save your settings. System Defaults Set the baseline experience for new users and visitors. Default Timezone:  Sets the initial timezone for new user registrations (currently  UTC ). Users can customize this later in their personal profiles. Default Theme Style:  Choose whether the site loads in  Light  or  Dark  mode for first-time visitors. Default Language:  The primary language of the interface. Default Results per Page:  Controls pagination limits for lists and tables across the site."
    }
}